disturbing statement about the sinner here, the simple man who, the salt of the earth guy who rejects the wisdom of god, he says he dies a suicide. he dies a suicide. but so finally verse 32 it says the turning away of the simple, that means turning away from knowledge or waywardness as its translated in the niv, turning away of the simple will slay them and the complacency of fools, the selfsatisfaction, the refusal to bestur themselves and seek the lord, the lack of interest in the things of god, the lack of attention to the word of god, the complacency of it all will destroy them. this is the consequences for those who reject wisdom. but then in verse 33 finally at the end there is a wonderful promise. it ends with a promise, a promise to those who receive wisdom, whoever listens to me will dwell safely and will be secure without fear of evil. whoever listens to me will dwell safely and will be secure without fear of evil. you read that verse and you say wait a minute. is that saying that if i get wisdom, like it says in the book of proverbs, im going to have my place in the country and be able to surf the internet by the fireside with my grandchildren playing all about me and three meals a day that have vegetables from my garden out back. and is that whats that whats going to happen to me? linda fletchers got so many tomatoes from her garden tonight that you may not want that kind of life. you give it away to all your friends eventually. well first of all nobody really gets that kind of life. nobody gets that kind of life. you can run but you cant hide from trouble and trouble is part of living. and the thing about it is this is not promising you life on a featherbed. this is not promising you life a life of ease. this is not promising that at all. i honestly believe that the early christians who were waiting to be taken into the arena at rome tied to the stake doused with pitch and set a fire are made to be the target of wild animals could have claimed proverbs 133. i believe that any persecuted christian in any country of the world in the sudan where theyre just slaughtering christians wholesale in communist countries where they still capture and torture christians and put them to death. i believe any christian should be able to read proverbs 133 and say amen. so this is not talking about what were hoping for our retirement. this is talking about the truth that our god has said to us i will never leave you no forsake you. my peace i give to you not as the world gives give out of you. your joy no man takes from you. low i am with you always even to the end of the world. god works all things together for the good of those who love him who are the call according to his purpose. you will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you for he trusts in you. in other words this particular passage in verse 33 is teaching us that we will dwell safely and be secure without fear of evil because we are serving the lord and pleasing the lord and if evil comes then we simply say we praise you god shall we not accept evil as well as good at your hand. that was one of the emails that our brother andrew sent out this week as he was talking about the state of his little baby in nathaniel and he quoted job where he said shall we not receive evil as well as good from the hand of the lord because we know whose hand were in and we know who is in ultimate control of every situation and so therefore verse 33 is a promise that he will keep you in perfect peace

