modified as one of two women. let me show you the other one. the other one is mentioned in chapter 9 verses 13, 13, 13. now in that ive got my verse wrong. well, i know, but thats talking about this one woman wisdom. im talking about the opposite woman and ive written down the wrong passage. i wont follow here. ive got the wrong chapter. ive got the wrong chapter. ive got the wrong something. anyway, is this the bible ive got up here? romans 9, romans 9, 13. a foolish woman is clamorous. she is simple and knows nothing for she sits at the door of her house on a seat by the highest places of the city to call who those who pass by. this woman is folly. the niv names her folly and she is the opposite of wisdom. here is someone who is also in the street also calling to those who pass by and saying in verse 16, whoever is simple, let him turn in here. as for him who lacks understanding, she says to him, still and water is sweet and bread eaten and secret is pleasant. here are two women depicting two different kinds of world views, two different ways of looking at things. theyre out there and the choice is clear. we can listen to one or the other. we can either listen to this dignified, statelate lady named wisdom or we can deal with this simple and foolish and tempting woman named folly. if you go back now to proverbs 120, you get a picture of a very great lady, a lady that is admirable, a lady that is desirable, a lady that embodies the virtues and she is actually calling out to people at the city gates. if you think of particularly striking, godly women that you have known, people who have a tremendous amount of virtue and loveliness inside as well as out, its just that kind of person that we are to picture here actually out of the city gates, very, very serious and willing to confront those who need her but also at the same time to show contempt for those who spurn her. this lady is serious and she makes some invitations and some promises to those who receive her. she promises to change them by giving them her spirit and to keep them secure and safe. later on in the eighth chapter, she will be crying out again giving a greater description of herself in more detail but tonight in the chapter before us, she stresses five things and the first is confrontation. she stands there in verse 20 calling aloud outside, she raises her voice in the open squares, she cries out in the chief concourses of the openings of the gates in the city, she speaks her words. before we see the confrontation, lets just talk about the significance of a dignified great lady crying out in the city. whats the significance of that? she has a authority because what she is is what all of us should desire. it is the ultimate. it is the gift of god. it is something that everybody needs. therefore, ultimately, our lives are very much determined as far as we can see them.

