doctrine. all i want to know is jesus. the problem is brothers and sisters, nine times out of ten, theyre lying when they say that because it was jesus who taught about the things they usually dont want to know about, like predestination and hell and divorce and all of the difficult subjects that come up. its jesus who taught about those things, but they have the idea that if they can just stay somewhere safely within matthew, mark, luke and john and never get into romans and never get into hebrews and never get into anything in the old testament that thats just fine. and they willfully put blinders on themselves and they say, i just want to know about jesus. what they dont realize is that theres enough in matthew, mark, luke and john to condemn you and me without any problem whatsoever. and its all from the words of jesus whom they claim they want to know about. so the point is this is a group of people that say, you know, dont confuse me with a lot of scripture. dont confuse me with doctrine. dont ask me to think about anything. i dont want to know about it. i want to lead a very, very simple existence with my simple little view of god that i have thought up out of my own simple heart. thats what they want. and this is what wisdom is condemning. wisdom is saying, wake up. wisdom is saying, you cannot lead a blissfully ignorant life. youve got to know things and understand things. and im here for you. receive me. its an invitation. and its an invitation with some exasperation. how long are you going to continue on like this? how long are you going to not consider the things of god? how long will you love just a very simple, narrow view? and its quite clear that at underneath all the affected naivete and simplicity is a scorner. for scorners delight in their scorning and underneath that scorner is a fool. for fools hate knowledge. ive got some relatives and they are very, very simple people. they dont have college education or anything like that. theyre very hardworking people. they are in many ways very, very good people. they never have had much money and they never have had any aspirations to anything above just kind of manual labor jobs. and theyre good folks. i enjoy visiting with them. but one thing id better do is keep my mouth shut about the gospel if i want to stay in their house. its just that simple. because theyve served notice many, many times that they dont want nobody talking to them about god. now these are a willfully simple people, brothers and sisters, just the kind of people that wisdom is calling out to. people who, now see, ive got some other relatives that are very well educated and very well to do and capable of very deep philosophical thought. and they have very carefully excluded god from their lives. but the point is that the common salt of the earth types have to. so this is the point. wisdom calls out with a confrontation and says, how long are you going to be like this? how long are you going to be like this? maybe i ought to read verse 22 to my relatives and run. how long you simple ones will you love simplicity? you see, this is whats being talked about. this simplicity is not just a lack of knowledge. its a lack of knowledge with a moral problem. so here is the invitation, verse 23. goes from confrontation to invitation. turn at my rebuke. turn at my rebuke. all of you know the ten dollar theological word that is a sin and m for turn, dont you? repent. repent means deterrent.

