to get through, make sense of and persevere in whatever youre going through, then let him ask of god who gives to all liberally and without reproach, and it will be given to him. but let him ask in faith with no doubting for he who doubts is like a wave of the sea driven and tossed by the wind. for let not that man suppose that he will receive anything from the lord, he is a doubleminded man, unstable in all his ways. he is like a man with a multiple personality almost. he is like a man where things do not agree inside, and therefore what james is saying is, if you want this wisdom, you have got to put away that doublemindedness. you have to repent of that with which this wisdom cannot dwell. you have to repent of that which is incompatible with this wisdom. its the very same thing thats being said in proverbs chapter 1. you have to turn and seek me, and ill pour out my spirit upon you. well james is saying the same thing. he is saying you have got to ask in faith with no doubting. you have to have your vision single. you have to have your mind stayed on the lord. let him ask in faith and the promise is he will give it. he will give it liberally and without reproach because you would think that what god would do is say, well youve got yourself into a pretty good mess there, havent you partner? think im going to give you any wisdom? youve blown it now, no brothers and sisters, you have not blown it as long as youre asking for it. you have not blown it as long as youre asking for it with all your heart. turning from your sinfulness and saying yes, yes, i know. some of this is my fault, but some of its not. anyway, im in it now, and im too mixed up to know which is mine and which is simply the world and which is simply the way things are. so please give me wisdom. it says if any of you lacks wisdom and its a person going through all this kind of stuff, let him ask of god who gives to all liberally and without reproach and it will be given to him. so the first person to seek is the lord if you want wisdom. and after you have sought the lord, then where do you go to his word? you go to his word. go back to proverbs or go to the sermon on the mount. go virtually anywhere in his word after you have sought the lord and an amazing thing will happen. me. oh, thats me. oh, thats me. oh, thats nice. oh, thats terrible. thats me. oh, that hurts. every page of scripture. every page of scripture. the word whom you have sought will speak to you and show you what you need to know. so brothers and sisters, its all a matter of putting away our pride and saying, maybe im not so smart. maybe im not so wise. its amazing how the lord uses words like that. friend of mine was converted when a minister was giving an invitation one time at the end of the service and he used that phrase so smart. thats how she heard those two words, so smart. peerster lied to little bullets and she said, thats me. i think im so smart. i need to repent of my sins and come to jesus. brothers and sisters, this is what were being offered here. were being offered nothing less than the insight, the mind and the counsel of god. and thats what were being offered in proverbs 1. thats what we need to be asking god for as we read proverbs and regardless of what happens to you and some bad things may happen to you who are in this room. and i will certainly be with you as best i can and you know youve got a church that will come to your aid in any way they can. but i want to tell you two things, regardless of what happens to you. if you have sought the wisdom of god, you will be safe and you will...

