and you can get at that moment enough of the holy spirit to be saved and then come back and have the lord reject you. if you can get the holy spirit at the midnight hour and the lord reject you, you believe in a different gospel than i do. they got something that was not pleasing to the lord and he said, i dont know you, it was not the holy spirit. it was too late, whatever they got. it was too late and it will be too late for some of us when we call out and he doesnt answer and we seek him, but we cant find him. so thats the warning against rejection and then the fourth thing that wisdom says here is that there are consequences for those who reject, starting in verse 29, because they hated knowledge and did not choose the fear of the lord. they would have none of my counsel and despised, not every rebuke. therefore they shall eat the fruit of their own way and be filled to the full with their own fancies. oh, thats awful. oh, god grant that he never gives me what i think i sometimes want. oh, god grant that none of us are permitted to go our own way which he restrains us from going. god grant that he never say, okay, have it your way. have the life without me that you like to sample now and then. there are consequences for those who reject the lord. theyll live out the results of their foolish choices. they live out the results of their foolish choices. its not even so much that this is a punishment, that this is a punishment. its not the ultimate punishment of hell. its just consequences for their own foolish choices. one of the things that is absolutely chilling is the verse about homosexuals in romans 127 that says likewise also the men leaving the natural use of the woman burned in their lust for one another, men with men committing what is shameful and receiving in themselves the penalty of their error which was due. this is the end of side one. please turn the tape over now to continue listening. changes happen in them. certainly physical changes, but emotional changes and spiritual changes happen inside them while they live and thats part of the penalty of their error. they live out the fruits of their sins. and you know all that first chapter of romans is about how god gives them up. god gives them up. god gives them up. each time to a stage lower and lower and lower and whats he doing? hes giving them up to what they want. paul, o to the galatians, be not deceived. god is not mocked. god is not mocked. whats so over a mans sos that shall he also reap. and so what are the results here of those who reject the wisdom of god, the thought processes of god, the decisions that god would want them to make, the attitudes that god would want them to have. well, it is simply that they shall eat the fruit of their own way and be filled to the full with their own fancies. r.c. sproul says in his wonderful little book, the intimate marriage. he said, other than scripture itself, the greatest influence on a wife is her husband. are you married to a monster? then it is because you have made her that way. you see, we do, we do the kinds of things that cause the consequences. and the judgment is that there are consequences for those who reject wisdom. the ultimate consequence, of course, is hell because to live without god is to die without god. the great charles bridges who wrote, i suppose, the greatest commentary on proverbs has a wonderful but absolutely...

