earlier than god. so theyre not going to turn to god, theyre not going to forsake nothing. you know, theyre not going to give honor to god in any way. and therefore, wisdom mocks them. this is a warning against rejection. wisdom says, i also will laugh at your calamity. i will mock you when your terror comes, when your terror comes like a storm and your destruction comes like a whirlwind when distress and anguish come upon you. let me just say this. it may be true that this is talking about eternal punishment, but i believe its just talking about the normal things that life hits us with. i think its talking about things that we all face. weve all known times of terror. weve all known times when destruction has come like a whirlwind. weve known distress and anguish. some of you have known what its like to be very, very afraid when a situation has arisen. some of you have known what its like to go home and find that something you own has been stolen or to find something either stolen out of your car or your car itself stolen. some of you have known what its like to get a disastrous report back from the doctor. some of you have known the heartbreak of a child that has rebelled against you and against the lord. some of you have known the destruction of divorce and many of you have known the difficulties of illness or being laid off from your job or whatever. the point is life has terrors and destruction and distress and anguish. the only the wise person is equipped to deal with it and the wise person is not. and so finally the the threat here is ill laugh at your calamity. i will mock when your terror comes. i remember a few years ago i went to a funeral and it was the funeral of a simple man in just this verse, this kind of passage. a simple man, a willfully ignorant man. and at the funeral the minister actually got up and said, well i never met this man. i wish i had but i never did. and this man wasnt exactly what you would call a religious man. but he recognized the things of god in a beautiful sunset and a good horse. and i think he might have even said, you know, well tuned pickup. anyway, it was absurd. it was laughable. if you want to laugh, go ahead and laugh at it except its also so sad. but it is absurd. its utterly ridiculous. this man died without a knowledge of god and he willfully kept god out of his life. this was my uncle and my mother, his older sister, had witnessed to him and his family. but they let her know that they thought she was pretty much of a fanatic and her witnessing was not welcome. and his funeral was a joke. and your funeral will be a joke. if you do not embrace the wisdom of god and the lord jesus christ, its just that simple. so it comes down to the fact that its going to be too late one day, verse 28. then they will call on me, but i will not answer. they will seek me diligently, but they will not find me. because theyve moved away from me. they have rejected me. they dont want me around. they have given me my papers and sent me packing. and so when the day comes that they need me, i will not answer. they will seek me diligently, but they will not find me. this is one of those awful two late passages. this is like the story of the five foolish virgins. i heard the cry at midnight. they hadnt been obedient to the lord in a long time. so they scrambled around to find a little obedience to impress the lord with. let me just say for those of you who are hanging on to the idea that the oil in that parable is the holy spirit, and youre going to camp there till your tent rots. i do not believe for one moment that the cry of the archangel can go out, the lord be returning.

