by wisdom, the wise choices that we make versus the foolish choices that we make. she has a certain amount of authority. whats the significance of where she is? anybody? shes outside. whats that? whats the significance of that? shes in the marketplace. shes where people are. she is essentially offering herself, and all of the virtues of herself to everyone. and in this way, she is a personification of the lords great commission to go therefore into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. so shes not off hidden some place in a special holy room where people have to do certain things. shes in things to gain access to this secret room where shes located, and then only then will she impart things about herself. instead, shes out in public inviting one and all to turn to her. heres the point of all that. the point is that this book, this advice, this counsel, this testimony about god is for everybody. as i mentioned last week, it is not only for those who are christians who have the unique perspective that jesus is our wisdom, and these are words that are made even more special by that fact, but its also for the jews. its also for those who read this book for centuries before the lord jesus was born. and it would be a compendium of good advice for anyone who just happened to pick up the bible and turn to proverbs. in other words, this is generally available wise counsel for every living human being in the world. and that is the significance of wisdom being in a public place in the open squares and the chief concourses at the openings of the gates of the city. so she speaks her words and the first word is confrontation, verse 22. how long you simple ones will you love simplicity? for scorners delight in their scorning and fools hate knowledge. confrontation is inevitably something that has to happen. whenever you are wanting someone or desiring someone to take what youre offering them and they must turn 180 degrees in order to receive it. in other words, there will have to come a point when youre witnessing to anyone that that person has to confront the fact, whether you tell him or the word tells him that he is a sinner and he needs to know jesus christ as lord. here, wisdom is personified as confronting people who walk to remain blissfully ignorant. the word simple here is not only someone who is ignorant, you know, dumber than dirt or however you want to put it. someone who just, you know, want someone who doesnt have a lot of knowledge, doesnt know much. but its also somebody who willingly wants to stay that way and who wants to stay that way because of a moral reason. they morally want to remain the way they are. you remember that the great 19th psalm of the speaks of the law of the lord and its got all of those wonderful statements about scripture. you remember that it says the law of the lord is perfect, converting the soul. the testimony of the lord is sure making wise the simple. the statutes of the lord are right, rejoicing the heart. the commandment of the lord is pure enlightening the eyes. the fear of the lord is clean in during forever, the judgments of the lord are true and righteous altogether. more desire to be desired are they than gold, ye than much fine gold, sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb. moreover, by them your servant is warned and in keeping them there is great reward. the people that shes calling out to are people who dont want to be changed.

