why must they follow the traditions of men that they happen to be used to in their own generation and put those traditions over the exhortations of scripture? why? why make that mistake and have it go for the next 40 years and you never be bothered by it? why? and really, id ask that more even of ministers. its their job to lead. how do we have our mind renewed? by the indwelling of gods spirit at conversion, the mind is renewed, the heart is transplanted. we also have our mind renewed by the knowledge of gods word. we have to study the word of god and understand its precepts. and we have our mind renewed and this must be added to the other two by yielding to gods word and implementing gods word by faith for ourselves. it isnt just saying, i read it, i understand it and i say, i believe it. but then you never make decisions based on those principles because they may cause you theres something, something keeping you from it. people dont like it if you do it. well then youre lacking the faith to implement it. but isnt that the root of salvation? faith? yes. when we yield to gods word by faith, he renews our minds. we dont renew our own minds. we cant do that. there is an obligation that we have in order to allow the lord to renew our mind. what obligation is that? we have to, well first of all, this is not up to us. we have to have gods spirit in us. thats a work of gods sovereignty and conversion. but we have to read the word because our minds are renewed by the truths of gods word. so we must read the word. we must study the word. we must meditate upon the word. we must be in the assembly of christ and hear the preaching of the word, one of the fundamental means through which god drives the word of god home to our hearts. you must saturate ourselves for the word and it wouldnt hurt. you must sing it. it only helps in the renewing of the mind. but its god through his word that renews the mind. we may do the reading, we may do the singing, but it is through that truth as it is grasped by the holy spirit that dwells in us, that our minds are renewed. its god that renews the mind and gives us the comprehension and the zeal and the love to embrace it. read and believe. taste and see. thats the essence of it. so god in conversion and in an ongoing way through the illumination of his spirit in us will take his word and renew our minds, which is to say that god through his spirit by opening up the word and drawing us to his precept. david says, i love thy precepts. you ought to say, yes, i understand that. then why dont christians love the precept, psalms, hymns and spiritual songs? they love the precepts. god gave them the way david loved the precepts. god gave him. god through his spirit helps us to understand the word, draws us to a love for his word, and in doing all that, you know what hes doing to us? and we dont even know whats happening. hes making us teachable. we become teachable by the changing of our wills to conform to his mind, which is a sovereign act of god and the byproduct of salvation. if we consistently fail to see that, it may be salvations life. you know, turn to jeremiah 31. were out of time here. with recent weeks, weve been preaching on jeremiah 31 on a loys day, being the chapter dealing with the new covenant. and speaking of this new covenant, verse 33, jeremiah 31, 33 and 34, but this shall be the covenant that i will make with the house of israel. after those days say at the lord, i will put my law in their inward ponds, a work of gods sovereignty, and write it in their haunts, a work of gods grace.

