theres nothing hard to understand about those exhortations, and theres multiple exhortations in the new testament to new testament believers. so the bibles plain in the exhortation. and i think that such an admonition by the apostles should be naturally embraced by christians, because were bible believers. youll be told to worship god by singing from the songbook in the word of god. so you dont need a sermon from me. you dont need a sermon from john calvin. you dont, youre like, well, yeah, i didnt think of that. thats a good idea. it ought to be an immediate childlike response that says, yeah, that sounds great. how come i didnt think of that? well, you didnt have to think of it. the apostles thought of it for you. and theyve already told you. didnt you read those books of the bible? well, i missed it. i just went by me. i understand that. that can happen. its happened to all of us. but then you pointed out, and somehow it nothing changes. and it is the inspired word of god. do you have another song that can compete in its perfection and glory to that which has been inspired by god for the singing of the saints of god? i dont know how you do that. it ought to be natural. no modern christian music can claim divine, infallible inspiration like the psalms can. and theres no like, but well, psalms are meant to be read. and we can pray the psalms and all this is true. theres multiple uses to the psalms. but ultimately, the psalms are meant to be sung. it is a song book that is contained in our bible. and there are musical instructions in the psalms themselves. we know that they were sung and they were intended to be sung. in some of the headings you have to the chief musician. and then you see some of these archaic hebrew words which are instructions of what to do musically. obviously, the psalms were meant to be sung. and they were sung by the children of israel. and well be in total the new testament to sing them. and in these introductions, we also have designations like a song of degrees or a song of david. well be in total their songs. theres nothing hard about that. so it ought to be natural for us to follow through. and so my question would be not so much nevermind how it is that modern christians dont emphasize the psalms in their worship publicly in their assemblies. the bigger question to me is how is it they completely ignore them? and how is it they completely ignore them even when you mean it for their good, when if i tried to exhort on the vitriol, my point is look, i grew up and we didnt sing any psalms. i never sang a psalm. i mean, once in a while in a hymn book, youd have a version of psalm 100. you almost never sang it. you always sing in fanny, crois, beyes, isaac watts and all that. okay. so we werent psalm singing. but when i was sort of confronted with psalm singing by coming to the label and as soon as i saw, i thought, you saw the books and we took them out and im like, hey, this is kind of a cool idea. and i had no fear about it. i never heard of a pastor. good you need to talk about it in the radio. and i never, maybe he said something in the past and never taught on it. and the title of the psalm was psalm such and such with these verses. wow. and then wed say them and some of them were to tunes we knew, hymns. i didnt need a sermon on it. it was the most, this is great. why is it that we can preach and teach and try to exhort with it? and i thought it would be a great blessing. so when im exhorting, im expecting that theyll find it too, but you just want to wear. you werent thinking in that vein. im trying to help you out here. and all day thats wonderful, great. and they go home and turn the tv. theyll never bring it up to their minister and theyll forget about it. its a different experience than what i had. im trying to understand it. i think there are several factors that account for this. first of all, theres ignorance of scripture. you can read through a passage of scripture and walk right over the treasure hidden the field and never know that its there. i mean, i did that throughout so many passages in romans and ephesians. when it came to the israel of god, i walked right over it. didnt even know what i was looking at. and i thought i understood these things, you see. so that can happen with it. it does say psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs. but there can be an ignorance there. and part of the ignorance is the byproduct of a lack of leadership in their ministries. the ministers dont teach on it. they have nothing to say about it. and they dont lead by example and say, you know, lets, well sing a hymn. but now, lets sing one song too. they just dont do it. so they dont have the teaching. they dont have the leadership by example.

