of the many blessings that the pilgrims brought to america. and they were many. there were many that we could talk about from which we can extract lessons. in each one of these blessings that they brought to our nation in time became, for a season, woven into the fabric of who we became as a people. even those outside of christ could not help but be affected by it because it was so central to us. for instance, the pilgrims had a rugged and a very sturdy belief in gods election. and thus they had a belief in gods blessing and favor upon their enterprise as a christian people. and so there was a great, a positive worldview that came out of that and that served as a great blessing. and theres lessons to be extracted from that, to be sure that we could exploit for our benefit. they also developed as a result of that as well that at one stems from the other, they had a cando attitude. they truly did. and that was coupled with a very, very strong work ethic. the puritans very much so believed in the sanctity of hard work. and they believed that hard work and manual labor was a way in which they could serve god and a means to worship god and that all forms of labor, not just manual labor, were means to an end. in the end is the worship and the glory of god. and that kind of attitude, i mean truly believing it affects a persons worldview and it shaped the culture of new england particularly. the south had the culture of slavery. they became very laid back as a result. but the northerners had this very, very strong work ethic and it came from their history. also, the pilgrims had a very dutiful and conscientious approach to real life problems and circumstances and troubles and issues that spring up. and they had, and the reason i think they were so conscientious and part of the reason they were so conscientious is they put very little emphasis on personal leisure and entertainment. in fact, most puritans held in contempt books of fiction and their view other than maybe pilgrims progress because that would be a fiction that directed you to spiritual truths which is going to be a benefit. but fiction for fictions sake, they saw pretty much as a waste of time because they felt with a little bit of time god gave us on this earth that is the brief window we have to honor and glorify him. so theyre busy doing real things you see. and it was their mindset and that also contributed in a great way to many of these other qualities. they believed they were put here to serve god and as a result they were useful and productive citizens and neighbors. they were good to have around despite the way they paint the pilgrims and puritans in our day. but i said to you, theres one thing they brought to us and bequeathed to us as a nation and nobodys seen, not very, very few care to sense about the whole thing. and not that they oppose it, but they just dont care. and i think thats one of the greatest blessings they brought to us, most people today and even many christians really just dont care about it. i mean, it just doesnt phase them. that one blessing is this. they brought a biblical perspective of worship. most particularly they brought to these shores the bible practice of samseeing, which may seem like, okay, yes or what? oh, no, its not so what. and thats what i want to talk about. pilgrims were samseingers. and they worshiped christ through the psalms of david, according to scripture. and that spiritual discipline that they brought with them of singing the psalms only served to enhance their humility of mind. the psalms are going to do that. their humility of mind and at the same time their rigor of spirit, which seems like theyre two opposite things. but they being a some centered people in their worship to christ, i think it bore those two fruits in their lives.

