and will be their god, and they shall be my people. and they shall teach no more every man his neighbor, and every man his brother saying, no the lord. see, they wont have to teach each other as the elective god to know the lord. for they shall all know me from the least of them, to the greatest of them, say to the lord, for i will forgive their iniquity, and i remember theyre saying no more. why is it that gods elect, the children of israel, will all know him, and its only the true children of israel whom he calls by his grace that has that constitute the true seat of abraham in christ. and how is it none of them will have to be taught by any man to know the lord, because they shall all know me. well how do they know him? god was their teacher. we are made teachable by the indwelling of god in our lives. so i go back to the question, whoa, why are some christians frozen in their ways? and theyre not teachable in the simplest of things that really wouldnt cost them hardly anything even within their own circles. well, it may be for some its lack of conversion. jesus said, my sheep hear my voice. they know and recognize my voice. and jesus said in john 10, and they follow me. you know what that means? their minds have been subjugated by the lord, and theyre teachable. the lord says, you follow me. i mean, just because the shepherd walks this way, doesnt mean sheep are gonna follow them, but theyve learned to do it. they were taught, he brings us to greener grass. the lord is our teacher, and he makes us compliant. its the essence of the new birth experience. and while the sheep do see, many false professors do not see. you read about that in 1 corinthians 2. we wont take the time to look at it, but because these things are spiritually discerned, they cannot see them. so let me, let me, i didnt even read that. this would have been beautiful to read. i dont have time to read it. i read it just for fun next week. its john gil commenting on ephesians 5, beautiful. why is it that the pilgrims were so free and so enamored with some singing? its the only thing they sang in their worship. they sang of the song, but in their corporate worship, they sang the only thing they were commanded to sing in the whole description, the songs. and by the way, john gil, and i want part of what john gil says, hymns and spiritual songs are references to songs. the people that say it isnt, theyve not studied it. they dont know. well, they were a song singing people, the pilgrims. when the pilgrims landed at cape cod, and they came off the atlantic ocean to a place of safety, governor bradford recounts that moment like a true song singer. he writes, what could now sustain them, but the spirit of god and his grace? because theres nothing there. its winter. theres woods and trees. theres winter. theres woods, theres indians, theres arrows, theres lack of food, theres cold weather. he writes, may not, and ought not the children of these fathers rightly say, our fathers were englishmen, which came over this great ocean, and were ready to perish in this wilderness. but they cried unto the lord, and he heard their voice and looked on their adversity. hes actually according from deuteronomy 26 verse 5 there. i had one jewish man say, yales a jewish school, because he saw all the hebrew at yale. you know, theres a good old calvinist christian school that took their studies seriously, back in the day. bradford is describing, theyre now on land and god has preserved them. and i said he does so with the psalm singing. thats because the next sentence is im going to read are all psalms. basically, its psalm 107 verses 1 to 6 and a portion of verse 8.

