them when they dont abide by the injunctions given in these verses. but its not like theyre hidden in some corner, some obscure passage in one of the minor prophets or something like that, right here in the meat and potatoes of the new testament. colossians 3 and verse 16, let the word of christ paul writes, dwelling you richly in all wisdom. pauls desire is that the word of christ reside within the people of god, with all its fullness and richness, producing in them a wisdom. well, how are they going to get all this? this is wonderful, sure. we should all have it. how do we come about receiving this rich wisdom of the knowledge of the word of christ? teaching and admonishing one another in psalms. even if theyre confused about the defignation of hymns and spiritual songs, they know what a song is. so if we are to be admonished in the things of christ, then we ought to admonish one another and we admonish one another by the corporate singing of psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. singing, not just reading them to each other, but singing with grace in your hearts to the lord. its not a complicated verse. so, oh yeah, thats true. i never thought of that. well, then, right, then, then im going to do nothing. why? this is the word of god. its an instruction as to how we are to approach him in worship via song. whats the hindrance? its going to take boldness for me to rise up and do like pastor gallagher asks. it takes spiritual college. what spiritual courage? what? we shouldnt pat ourselves on the back for this. and its not my intent to pat ourselves on the back. my intent is to say, well, whats the barrier? i dont understand. in ephesians chapter 5, go to ephesians 5, my point is the passage is simple enough. i dont think its theologically complex. i dont think its a matter of its a difficult thing to translate from the greek or anything like that. theres no real problems here in ephesians chapter 5 and verse 18 and 19. and being out drunk with wine, wherein is excess, will be filled with the spirit speaking to yourselves in songs and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the lord. the callers to be filled with the spirit and the spirit of god will direct us in our worship to speak to yourself. and this is written to the assembly in ephesus. you speak to each other in songs and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in these songs and hymns and spirits. see, we speak to each other when we all together sing the same words of worship to god. were standing in agreement. we can look at each other in a sense. were saying amen to every other brother and sister is singing. theres a unity that is exhibited when we come together in unison, all worship the lord with the same words that come from the holy spirit, something when youre in the roman catholic church, you didnt have that opportunity to share that unity because they couldnt sing. you know, thats not how they did things. and of course in james chapter 5, james says, is any mary? let them sing songs. so these are all new testament exhortations to me, very simple to understand. so of course, the question is, why were the pilgrims able to so easily embrace this without any chip on their shoulders? and they embraced it with every fiber of their being and yet modern christians cant embrace it. they wont say, oh no, i refuse, they dont refuse in word. if you confront them, they dont say, oh no, i cant do that. most of them wont so well. just oh, thats true. thats nice. and theyll go home and forget about it and never think another. not only is the bible, this is what proplexes me about this inability to receive this. not only is the bible plain in this exhortation. in other words, theres nothing complicated about sing these songs. sing the songs. here in the new testament, we are to sing the song.

