because my joy isnt him. peace. i have peace from trusting god. he is with me. he is sovereign in my life. im resting myself in him. so as i have peace with god, i want to have peace with others. long suffering. we need that, right? because were going to mess up against each other. because we still live with a bunch of sinners. so just as god has suffered long with me, just as god has been patient with me. so therefore this motivates me to be long suffering with the faults of others. gentleness. instead of this strife and this bickering and this devouring, im gentling my spirit. i have this sense of goodness. the idea here is of moral whosomeness. i dont want to relish sinful faults. its not enough to just say, im not going to go do that, but im going to think about it. we must not coddle the flesh that way. right? roman zates says, mortify it. kill it. weve all done it. i dont plan on doing this sin, but im going to think about it for a while. im going to kind of roll around as proverb says, like a morsel under my tongue. no, goodness says no. thats not for me. im in christ. im going to war against that. that thought might come and im going to battle it. im going to fight it. i want that thought to feel so uncomfortable in my soul. itll just soon take an exit. faith, meekness, temperance, this idea of selfcontrol against such. there is no law. so this great blessing of walking in the influence of the holy spirit, walking in the influence of the holy spirit. but as i mentioned before, as verse 17 says, the life of living in the spirit is a life of yielding to the spirit, of warring against the flesh. but let me tell you this, brothers and sisters, that the life of living in the spirit is a life of conflict. its a life of war. its a life of battle. and we need to know that. no. think about how the scriptures give different images of the christian life. its a race and its a fight. its a war. we know we war against satan and against the system of the world. but you know what? one battle youre guaranteed to have every day is with your flesh. every single day you have a dedicated opponent. you have a steadfast opponent every day. and so we have to gear up for the battle. i recognize, okay, im in a battle. im in a war here. but im not fighting with my own resources. i quoted romans 8.12 about mortifying the flesh. but remember what it said, if ye how through the spirit, you mortify the deeds of the body you shall live through the power of the spirit. so walking in the spirit means im depending on the holy spirit. im confessing my sense when i do fall. im depending upon his strength. im looking into his word and im seeking to grow in these beautiful graces of walking in the spirit. but then another great encouragement that paul gives us here in verse 24 of galatians 5. because right now you might be feeling kind of convicted. but i was like, oh man, ive done that and ive done that. and my toes are being stepped. im and heres the encouragement because this is one of the great weapons that satan uses. you see your sins. you see your failures. you see your weakness. you see your struggle. and you get kind of overwhelmed with how hard that it really is to fight. its it is hard. you get overwhelmed with all the times you havent said no to yourself. when you should have said no to yourself. and you get discouraged and say, i know god probably still loves me, but im just probably not going to have much victory in this life. and satan loves to just beat that that attitude thats speared into our heads. im never going to grow brother bobby might, but im never will. sister so and so, so sweet and kind and so patient, but im not and ill never get there when i want to be. im just not very victorious. and so satan loves to play that to us. let me give you some encouragement that the word of god gives in verse 24 he says this, in they that are christ have crucified. and this is past tense have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. what that means is this is that on the cross according to romans 6, jesus christ died and slew our sinful nature. romans 6 says our old man was crucified with him that the body of sin might be destroyed. so its kind of like this, used to and i still have a battle. and the flesh still rears its ugly head. and we cannot give into the flesh because the more we give the mortal take, but heres the reality of this is that we are fighting a dying enemy. its already been stabbed and so its gasping for air. its still flailing his arms around.

