either you and i are yielding to our flesh or were yielding to the spirit. either were giving into the spirit or were giving into our sinful nature and our sinful desires. one of the other. well then he lists for us the works of the flesh. he says there there these sexual sins adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lassoviessness. you know what that is? he says finding selfish pleasure through sin with another person which does not equal love. romans 13 says that. he says that all those sexual sins he says that actually violates love by neighbor. romans 13 would have time to turn there. he says love works no yield to his neighbor. so thats the opposite of love. thats selfserving isnt it? thats selfserving. whereas love is others serving. that he looks at our sins towards god. idolatory witchcraft. so of course in that day or that context it still happens today but in that culture, idolatry would mean mostly or at least the outward the externals would mean a statue or an image that youre bowing youre paying homage to you, youre burning incense to you or whatever. but for us its idolatry of the heart mainly is it not? a finding fulfillment and satisfaction somewhere outside of god. finding a sense of security somewhere outside of god. i put in my trust something somewhere outside of him. then he notes these sins among one another. variance is the idea of quarrel or debate what weve already talked about. immulations means jealousy. im not happy because that persons got that and i want that. now you know what? were not just talking to the kids this morning are we? the reality is this is all this stuff can be cooked up in our sinful nature really easily. so we have to admit that number one. i would never do that. oh yes we would. oh yes we would. jealousy. theyre blessed and im not happy because i want that blessing. i want what they have. why dont i get it? theyre blessed. why cant i be blessed? so its its selffocus. this word sedition or strife here means intrigue or factions and seditions is the same idea. im working behind the scenes. im whispering. im backbiting. im putting little hints against other people and somebody elses ear. you know for the unity of a church and really just for the spiritual wellbeing of any soul we must guard our words. proverbs says you take away the tail bearing the whispering theres no fire. theres no fire. but just like putting wood on the fire is our tongues, our words being used in an illadvised way. thats kind of what hes talking about here. this strife intrigue, factions, divisions, quarrels. sometimes we may have to have a a difference about something right? we work it out in a gracious spiritual way. we dont agree. we walk away and love each other. but hes talking about here about this malicious behind the scenes. im quarreling. im against you. im not for you. so he says these are the works of the flesh. the murders, the drunkenness, the revelings, revelings, miss the idea literally of just letting loose. no rules, no constraint. it would ever the flesh wants. thats the flesh. thats the flesh. you might say, well what did god tell us all that? were you know were not so bad. i mean after all weve weve been saved by his grace. you know one reason probably why? god wants to identify to us the very ugliness of sin that we ourselves who are in christ are still vulnerable to. first corinthians 10, take heed when you think you stand less you fall. see the spirit of god dwelling this does not mean as you know that the sinful flesh just ceases to exist. it doesnt mean that were no longer vulnerable to falling to sin. we can look at some of the heroes of the faith and see their tremendous fall in the flesh. and so paul says heres the works of the flesh, but then heres the fruit of the spirit. listen, its beautiful. its almost enough. its not enough, but its beautiful just to read the list, isnt it? its just beautiful to love. first of all its love towards christ, its love towards god. thatll help me thatll help me cure my idolatry when im setting my love and my affection upon him. and when im loving him then im going to love you better. you know thats true. the more i love christ the better im going to love you. the more i love christ the more im going to want to make peace. and i wont be so interested in being right or having the quarrel or whatever. the more joy i have in the lord so much of this is going to take care of itself. ive my joys in the lord, my contentment in him, my fulfillment in him, so much of this is going to take care of itself and in a large degree. so love for the lord which leads to love for one another. joy in christ from his great salvation from the great liberty hes given to us is going to lead me not to have such a pull towards

