dont use this liberty to excuse and make provision for your sinful nature. well i can just do this this once because i mean gods gracious. you know, god forgive first on 1 9 if we confess to forgive, were good. god didnt get call you to liberty for that. god didnt call me to liberty for that. god didnt call me to liberty to abuse his grace. god didnt call me to liberty to make excuses for my sinful desires. gods called me to freedom. number one to serve him and then he says here specifically but by love serve one another. god has called us to liberty to love him and to love one another. so we are free in christ, but not free to go live like the world, not free to run away from god, but free to love him and to love his people. probably the analogy that youve used before, that youve heard before used, the analogy of a train on a train track. and were like the trains sometimes we say if i could just get off that track it looks so enticing over there. if i could just jump off this track. thats how we are in our heart sometimes. i want to be free while i have all these rules. i have all these scriptures. ive got to follow. i want to go do this. how well does a train function off of the track? not too well does it. really the trains free when its on the track. the train is free when it is operating in the way it was designed to operate. thats the same with you and i. we are most free when we are following in the steps of christ in which he has called us to. jesus said it and you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. the more that youre walking in the paths of christ, the more true soul freedom you and i will have. its a blessing. god loves his children. god doesnt give us commands to squelch us or to handcuffs. he gives us commands like love to enhance our freedom so that we can operate this freedom, operate in this freedom the way that we have been designed. so god has called you and i. hes given us freedom that we might love. say it another way. god has not given you freedom or given me freedom so that we can be the center of our own world. god didnt call me to freedom. he didnt give me liberty. i can be the center of my own existence. now thats what we all want by nature. we want to be the center of our own world. we want to be our own god. we want to do our own thing. were walking our own ways. but god has set us free from that. he set us free not so we can serve ourselves but that we can set him as the center of our world and others as we serve them. but by love, serve one another. for all the law is fulfilled verse 14 and one word even in this that thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. god calls us to pour ourselves out to bless others. isnt that amazing? god has called us to pour ourselves out for the benefit of others. for the bobby says often that when god promotes us in his kingdom, he just gives us more serving to do. because greatness and the kingdom, those disciples were arguing about who would be the greatest in the kingdom and you could just imagine the conversation. peter said, im way more bold and all of yall. i can talk louder. i can i can i always got something to say. you guys dont know what to say. im the top. john could say yeah but he didnt. everybody know he loves me more than yall. matthew could say you a bunch of who look into you know what about what ive done? you know you hear that sermon i preached last week all these things and jesus said you know what guys? you know what greatness in my kingdom is? its serving. greatness in my kingdom is pouring yourself out for the benefit of others to the glory of god. greatness in my kingdom is not putting yourself at the center but putting christ and others at the center. look not every man on his own thing but every man also on the things of others and weve been set free to live in this way of love. and they must have really needed this in galatians. gotta read between the lines here. they must have been really fighting because in verse 15 he says but if you bite into power one another take heed that you be not consumed one of another. they must have been having some fights. they must have been some real friction. must have been some real unresolved conflicts. some conflict that wasnt handled and that godly way. he said all right guys be careful. you keep on going that route youre just going to totally destroy each other. if you bite into power they werent literally biting each other on the hand right? with their words, with their actions, with their attitudes, they were biting. why would we do that? this isnt just for the galatians a long ago okay folks? the year is 2016. us right here today.

