theres three or four times the sermon. what it means to walk in the spirit is to live under the influence and control of the holy spirit. just like it says in ephesians 5, who wont turn there but you probably know. he says, and be not drunk with wine, and he gives that command on purpose, as youll see, and be not drunk with wine, where in is excess, but be filled with the spirit. now why would he give that? thats strange. dont get drunk and be filled with the spirit. this thing sounds odd. well, the comparisons are very similar. what happens if someone drinks to excess? they are influenced. they are controlled by what theyve filled themselves with. their judgment is impaired. their speech is affected. their mind, their thinking is affected, and sometimes even their physical moving around is affected. so paul says, dont do that, but do this. to be filled with the spirit means that im to live under the authority of christ through his word, to the point where the holy spirit influences the way that i think, the way that i live, the way that i have discernment and judgment, the way that i speak, and all that i do, our goal in living in the spirit is to live under the glorious and peaceful and holy influence of the spirit. and the way that we do that is walking in the word of god. remember who inspired this word? who inspired this word, the holy spirit? the bible says that holy men of god, the prophets writing the scriptures, they spoke as they were moved, as they were carried along by who, by the holy ghost. to the holy spirit has written, has given us, the scriptures has given us the word of god. and sometimes you hear people talking, saying, something like this, well, the holy spirit told me to tell you this. now im not saying the holy spirit cant work outside the box, but im saying this, im going to be very careful before i take that up, right? because i know where the holy spirit spoken. hes spoken right here. now im not saying the spirit cannot give us impressions and he does lead us and give us, he can lead through circumstances and through advice and counsel, the multitude of counselors, their safety and all of that. but the primary way, the number one way, the spirit of god moves and leads and guides in our lives is through the truth of the word of god, a reliable standard. sometimes today we hear about people that, we say, somebody so and so is a very spiritual person. and even theres even surveys of the spirituality of america. and we might hear that say, wow, that means everybodys really walking in the spirit. you know what thats not what it means? now in the bible term, spiritual means walking in the holy spirit. but in the world at large today, spiritual means anything and everything, just kind of whatever. let me tell you, the bible says, theres a lot of spirits. theres a lot of spirit in it, but theres only one holy spirit. and so we want to follow the holy spirit of god as we follow the word of god, as we yield to his influence in our lives. so we could just, in the sermon, it would be done right there. that would be the thumbnail sketch, right there. so dont take anything else. take that with you. to live in the spirit is to live under his influence and his control in my life through the word of god. now lets read this whole chapter of galatians 5. were not gonna, dont worry, well get out of here before lunch. but lets just kind of glean some of the high points of galatians 5. and notice here, some things about how the holy spirit leads his people, what it means to walk in the spirit. stand fast, therefore, in the liberty wherewith, christ has made us free. and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. behold, i, paul, say unto you that if you be circumcised, christ shall profit you nothing. for i testify again to every man that is circumcised that he is a debtor to do the whole law. christ is become of no effect to you. whoever you are justified by the law year fallen from grace. for we, through the spirit, wait for the hope of righteousness by faith. for in jesus christ neither circumcision availeth anything nor uncircumcision but faith which worketh by love. you did run well, who did hinder you that you should not obey the truth? this persuasion come of not of him that calleth you. a little leaven, leaveneth the whole lump. i have confidence in you through the lord that you will be none otherwise minded, but he that troubleeth you shall bear his judgment whoever he be. and i, brethren, if i yet preach circumcision, why do i yet suffer persecution? then is the offense of the cross ceased. i would they were even cut off which trouble you. for brethren, ye have been called unto liberty. only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh but by love served one another. for all the law is fulfilled in one word even in this thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. but if ye bite into vower one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another. this i say then walk in the spirit and ye shall not fulfill.

