so its a little wonder that the people didnt murmur and complain. how much different are they than their fathers? remember them? they wind and complained and murmured about everything. and yet these did not. we dont have recorded here a single murmuring or complaining at all. and that is a convicting passage because we get so discouraged sometimes. we get weary and welldoing. and we should not. because god tells us that hes working all things together for good. and if we go and do season, we shall reap if we faint not. gods not in a hurry. we might be in a hurry, but gods never in a hurry. he doesnt have to be in a hurry. the idea of hastiness is that if you dont, the thing is not going to get accomplished. but god doesnt have to worry about that. hes in control. hes not in a big hurry. hes not hasty. he doesnt need to be hasty. so we find that they fainted not because the walls of jericho didnt come tumbling down after the first time, second time, third time, fourth time, fifth time, sixth time. and nor did they take matters in their own hands and add something to it or do something instead of what god has said to do. the psalmist says, wait on the lord and keep his way. psalm 37 verse 34. thats what they did. they waited on the lord and kept his way. they stayed faithful. but now verse 15 continues in it, came to pass on the seventh day that they rose early about the dawning of the day and compasses city about the after the same matter seven times. only on that day they compasses city seven times. now they did it once and then again and again until they did seven times. again, we become discouraged and and thank so quickly and yet they continue to follow the lead of the captain, their captain, joshua in our case, jesus. and really when we think about faith, obeying by faith, what about the father of all them that have faith abraham? he did not become dismayed and give up. he didnt decide to throw it all caution to the wind and just do whatever it in resort to all kinds of devices of the wicked. but he believed god and was counted under righteous. it was an example of those who lived by faith. what was he waiting on? he was waiting on the promise of the land and he was waiting on the promise of the seed. to the seed now he got the seed, the promise seed, at least the beginnings of that promise seed, but he also by faith knew that god was going to give him land. he went there. he did not wither. he went. he went by faith, not knowing whether he went, believing god with all his heart. but again, here we go around the wall. the city of jericho once, twice, you know, all those six days before and the walls of jericho still stood as firm as they ever did. lets take some faith. to just continue to obey god. again, they rose early in the morning about the dawning of the day. when it comes to spiritual work, especially if we have a difficult task ahead of us, we need to be all the more determined by the almighty grace of god to engage in the task with greatest of earnestness because the enemy is against us. its what? fighting the good fight of faith implies that theres a lot of resistance. this fight, this good fight of faith, fighting the good fight of faith. i mean, after all, this is to say, whats over their hand?

