god said, well i didnt know, oh yes you didnt know too. and see what hell do is hell take you back to a service on november the 30th, 2017. a little church by the name of pleasant valley baptist church, went a loud mouth of nopsious baptist evangelists from tennessee. he said, yeah, he said, yes you knew. yes you knew. and what hes gonna do at that day, hes gonna go to that book and ever person. hes gonna take the time. you say how you know that, because thats what he said. he said, whoevers name was not found written, so hes gonna look safe and threatened. hes gonna come to you and hes gonna say, all right. oh. the next person. see if you go back to the book of matthew, the book of matthew paints a picture. of those that are gonna say, lord did we not prophesy on their name? and im not name cast out many devils and im not name doing many wonderful works. and hes gonna say, depart from him, i never knew you. you know how hes gonna be able to say that, i never knew you, because theyre names, not in this book. i preach a christian school service one morning. i aint been able to talk about a challenge, some of the most challenging services of christian schools. because most of them are a bunch of selfrighteous blowhards. amen. they got their tags, their identities, they got their hair right and their clothes are right. and theyve got everything right and its a bunch of selfrighteousness but anyhow. thats another story for another time. and im telling you what i preach that i dont even really remember what i preached on, but somehow in the end of it, i ended up not coming out of the pulpit just like i am now and i started going. and id say, i appreciate you being here this morning. and id say, do you know the lord as your savior? if youre died right now, are you going to heaven? and i wouldnt even give him a time to answer, id just go home with her out of here. i went to every person, every boy, every girl, i even went by the teachers. amen. with 12 kids, i gotta save that morning. i never will forget years ago shaking peoples hands. and then every now and then somebody would say, sign my bible. i thought, man, thats something. if i ever got to the place where somebody asked me to sign the bible, i thought, oh, ive got it. anyhow, i got in the habit with a distal tale, especially with kids. when i sign their bible and i said, whats your name? and they went, my names brandon. i said, hey, brandon, let me ask you a question. you cant afford it as your savior. as im handing them their bible back. i just got in the habit of doing that with kids and this lady. and i just dont know how to say it, just an elderly lady. she had snowy white hair, sweet lady. wed been in meet and all the alone. and anyhow, she handed me her bible. its a preacher sign of my bible. and i said, yes, maam, id be honored. and i signed it. and as im folding it, i said, maam, can i ask you a question? i said, do you know the lord as your savior? and even in my mind, bro, distal, i thought, why dont i just ask this lady there? and brother ali, she looked at me and she snatched her bible. she said, yes, i do. like an offended her that i asked her. can i say something? its never offended me. if anybody asked me, was i safe? and i thought, i wonder if the old sister may be missing a little something. maam, she missing a sweet spirit. i know that, maam. i should question you. the reality, i think ive convinced you and i cant even give a biblical proof thats not somebodys going to hate. i dont know that its somebody here. but i can guarantee you somebody within hands reach of somebody here will soon fall for you. but it surprised me a bit to come into the house of god tomorrow night. and somebody said, creature, i had a friend in the car red. you say, why? because its happened to me times. but tonight ill ask you a question. and i dont want you to tell me what your mama said or what your daddy said or what papa said. but i want you to answer in your heart. ask your question. if you were to take that final breath, will you know that you know?

