he breaks bread and he shows his wounds and he communes with his people. i know there are times when gods people forget the lord is with them. sometimes gods people only see difficulties. sometimes they feel forgotten of the lord. have you never had that dear child of god? yes, i have. i have been a man who has been a man who has become a man of the wicked. the wicked seem to prosper while i daily chase and see troubles increased. he is a man in pain. he is a broken man. he is burdened. why was that? he stopped believing god. he stopped believing gods word. the lord had said that my way would not be easy and that my way would be fraught with evil and i wanted it to be different and i was wanting the world and i had become covetous and envious and did the lord then turn away from asaph because of it? faith had sunk so low in his life and there was worldliness creeping in. the lord turned away from asaph. that feels asaph with a great sense of wonder that he says it to nevertheless i am continually with thee. that was told to me by my right hand. asaph is saying as it were, when i let go of his hand, the lord didnt let go of my hand. his hand did not let me go. he could not let me go because he is in manual and that is how the gospel of matthew could begin with this prophecy of emmanuel. that is how the gospel of matthew could end to when the lord jesus says to his church, before i leave this one thing i want you to know and low i am with you always even onto the end of the world. he is emmanuel in your confusion, emmanuel in your trials, emmanuel in your old age, emmanuel on your sick bed, emmanuel on your death bed, emmanuel in all your grief, fear, needs and pain. you dont have to go alone. you dont have to go through life alone. you dont have to go through death alone. he is emmanuel. a. has may ignore it. a. has pushed it aside. but what he says he will do for all his poor and needy people, even when passing through rivers and waters and fires, isaiah 43 verse 2 says, and i will be with thee. i will never leave thee nor forsake thee. i you know it comes at a great cost for that promise and for the fulfillment and the experience of that promise in your life the lord jesus had to go into deep affliction and agony and suffer all alone. bear gods wrath, bearing the curse of god against sin, forsaken of his father, suffering the hellish agonies alone for the sins of his guilty people, so that sinners do not need to be alone, so that they can ask like the thief on the cross, lord, remember me when they will come to thy kingdom and he could hear the answer today. shall thou be with me. and here gods people may experience its god with us, and did you hear the answer to the thief? heaven is us with god, and at the marriage supper of the lamb they never leave his sight. but what if you will not listen? what if you meet gods word with unbelief as a has? what if you neglect so great salvation? then the day will come, then it will be that god will be forever against you. and if god is against you, who can be for you? then you may say, but i have friends here yet.

