is seeking rest and find it none. then he says, i returned into my house when once i came out, now watch what he says here. and when he has come, he finds it empty, swept and garnished. so matthew fills us in with one of those words that is not found in luke, but is not just swept and garnished, but is empty, swept and garnished. so heres the third aspect, or third teaching, third concept about relationship. so we talked about, we served joyfully, why? because of relationship, we pray boldly, why? because of relationship. heres number three. you cannot be neutral or uncommitted about the lord. say, well, you know, i hear what you say, but i really dont care about relationship. you cant be that way. in fact, you will not be that way. youre never going to stay neutral or uncommitted. let me give you the explanation, then ill give you the application. jesus compares this man to a house out of which were going to put it kind of, maybe give it a slightly different analogy, it may help us understand it. so he compares this man to a house out of which a bad tenant. imagine youre renting a house and you have a guy in here in the house and hes got his trash in the house. okay? and youre like, see you later. okay? im done with you. you messed up. so this bad tenant moves out. so you go in, this man in this house now has been cleaned and repaired. its already, but it sits empty. thats the problem. its sitting empty. so this man who just left then comes back as he cant find any other place and he gets seven other other other guys worse at him and they all move into your house. and youre like, this is even going to be worse. and jesus says thats exactly what im talking about. the emptiness, a lot of it, be reoccupied. the prevention against bad tenants would have been the occupancy by good tenant. what hes saying is this, if you to went out and make sure to find the right people to put in your house, then these bad people couldnt move back in. your problem is this, you left the house empty, which opened the door for the bad people to come back in. you say, okay, what does that have to do with anything? well, what he applies it to is to us as believers. okay? and hes applying it also, prophetically, to the nation of israel there. let me, let me apply to us as believers. ready? our christian life is not just about stopping bad things. there must also be the starting of good things, like praying, like reading your bible, like walking with god. you just cant give up. okay? im not going to drink anymore. im not going to smoke. im not going to cost. okay, those are all good decisions. but what are you starting to take the place of those things? so not just to stopping a bad, theyre also actually the starting of good. and we call this the principle of, anyone know, replacement. yes, this is called the principle of replacement. we replace bad friends with good friends, bad music, good music, bad habits with good habits, bad activities with good activities. you just cannot just simply say, im going to stop all the bad. good decision wont last unless you start some good things that go along with it. and part of those good things is this relationship with the lord. we will not stay neutral. okay? you cant simply say, im going to get rid of all the bad, but i really dont want to do those things. ill just kind of stay here. youre not going to stay there. thats the teaching what jesus is saying. youre not going to stay neutral. as i said, again, you know, if youre not for me, youre against me. if youre not against me, youre going to be for me. youve got to pick aside. youre not going to stay in the middle. we will not stay neutral. if we do not now watch carefully, if we do not purposely work on our relationship with the lord, we will be drawn back into the old way. thats why its teaching. you got to purposely walk with the lord. you got to purposely reach your body. because if you dont have this relationship to the lord, then the old life is so beckoning us to come back. and we can tell you, and its going to be worse. you know, whos worse off? not the unsafe person in the bar. the safe person in the bar. hes the most miserable. you know, when you were unsafe and sitting at the bar, at least, at least you could probably kill some of your feelings by the booze. but the holy spirit cant be killed that easy. he cant be shut off by getting your brain liqueured up. hes still there, convicting you. the most, the most miserable person is not the lost person in living their sin, but the safe person whos living their habitual, continual sin and will not repent. now, let me give you this last statement. well give

