is emmanuel. god with us, and thats what the advent season reminds us of. thats what christmas is all about really, and we have here a christmas prophecy of the emmanuel. thats what you can write over the sermon, a christmas prophecy of the emmanuel. well see four things, first of all, trials for the church. secondly, the confidence of the church, thirdly, hypocrisy in the church, and fourthly, the comfort for the church. a christmas prophecy of emmanuel, first of all, trials for the church. secondly, the confidence of the church, thirdly, hypocrisy in the church, and fourthly, the comfort for the church. there are many times dear congregation when gods people can be troubled. one of the times is when there is a wicked ruler on the throne. thats what proverbs 29 verse 2 says, when the wicked, barithe rule the people mourn. and thats how it is in our chapter in isaiah 7. gods people were troubled in the days of ahas, the king whom we meet in the opening verses of this chapter of isaiah 7. ahas. hes the king over the people of judah. hes from the line of david, but hes not following in the faith of david. it was not faith of our fathers living still. no ahas was a wicked man. he was a man who promoted false religion, a religion that promoted even cruelty with such idols as baal and molok, a man who even imported an altar from syria and placed it in the house of god. and he actually has no use for the house of god that he eventually shuts the doors to the temple. and he bids farewell to the god of israel, the god of the old earth. he has no need for the lord, no need for truth, no need for the god of his soul and how sad it is when people come this far. and in the midst of this wicked kings rule war breaks out. no, it wasnt the most peaceful time in that region. nations were afraid of the up and coming superpower of syria. and they wanted to form alliances against syria and thats why the kingdom of syria and the northern kingdom of israel have wanted to form an alliance also with the kingdom of judah. they wanted to have a three nation alliance against syria, but ahas, the king of judah, doesnt want to form that alliance and join that alliance and that anger is the king of syria and that anger is the king of the northern kingdom of israel that they plan to take jerusalem by force and replace ahas with another king. and theyve begun to close in on the city of jerusalem. theyve destroyed already other cities and towns in the kingdom of judah and the inhabitants of judah and jerusalem are very afraid. verse 2 b tells us this. it says, and his heart was moved and the heart of his people as the trees of the wood are moved with the wind. their hearts were shaking like like branches shaking in a wind storm. the storm that breaks twigs and branches snap and topples trees and you can imagine the crisis. what if the enemy succeeds against us? or will become of us? but greater yet, what will become of gods promise? after all, this is the house of david and through the house of david, the messiah is to be born. and then you see this isnt just about any other kind of trial or any other kind of conflict. you see here the conflict spoken of in genesis 3 verse 15, the conflict between the seed of the woman and the seed of the serpent, the seed of the serpent against the seed of the woman. and thats how the church meets with conflict and enmity. the church, yes, does meet with that, doesnt it? gods people know that. they must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of heaven and there can be times when theyre afraid, times when theyre troubled, times when theyre shaken, times when they feel what martin luther said, for still are ancient

