they didnt like him. they hated him. and they didnt want to speak because its not that they couldnt ever say anything nice. is it that they tended to say evil against him? and they just really didnt have anything good to say about him. they didnt want to. and thats the problem with man. its not that he has no ability to do what god wants him to do. he just doesnt want to. its a problem of want to. and so thats the problem that man has. the idea that man must be regenerated first in order to believe is clearly not scripture. go to john chapter 1. lets look at a couple of verses there. and well, well wind this up. for john chapter 1, just a couple of verses, verses 12 and 13. he says, but as many as received him to them gave he power to become the sons of god, even to them that believe on his name. so what does john say? does regeneration come before faith? no. he says that many as believed him. so clearly putting the responsibility on man, mans winningness to receive him or believe him is using the terms interchangeably. to them gave he power. he gave the authority to become the sons of god. all right. so not regeneration first, faith is first. or 13, which were born not of blood nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of god. so what is he saying there? well, hes saying that regeneration is clearly not an act of man and hes making it two separate issues. now, frankly, regeneration and faith all happens to us all at one time. but theres still a logical order that must be followed. and certainly those who would say that we could be regenerated years before the case, that makes no sense at all. but nonetheless, there is a logical order. and the order is important. why? well, because there are those who would teach that man has to be regenerated first and that god basically forces people to be saved. and thats not the case. what he tells us in verse 13 is theyre born again. the new birth is not the work of man. its not that somehow another we get credit for this new life that is within us. thats not the case. but it does come by faith. so its all of grace. its still of grace. but it is through faith. grace, through faith. i know you feel like im beating a horse today, but trust me, this is important, doctrinal distinction that we need to understand. the new birth is clearly an act of god, but its an act performed for those who would believe the lord jesus christ. it takes the holy spirit to draw us. it does. the holy spirits involved in this. and we could spend another, maybe some other time, well talk about the idea of resisting the holy spirit. the bible teaches that man can resist the holy spirit, to explicitly state the book of acts. you do always resist the spirit, okay? so clearly people can do that and they do that. so it does take the holy spirit drawing, but then once a person believes they are given the new life. so going back to romans, whats pauls point? he wants to show that everybody is under sin. why? because we have this natural tendency to oppose god. we dont love him. as we should, we dont love our neighbor as we should. and this truth, we can see it observable in history of mankind. we can see it in our own actions. we all can very clearly identify with the apostle paul as he describes the struggle that he himself, even as a safe man, has that he says that the things that i would do i do not, the things that i would not, thats what i do. he describes in the book of galatians a warfare thats taking place within his own heart between the spirit and the flesh. we can all identify that. well, why? because we have that flesh. we have that tendency that we still have. theres a new spirit within us. and theres a new birth. and that new birth is a remarkable thing. and its very good for us to contemplate just how opposed we naturally are to god. and to understand that because of the act of god of regenerating us, that we are indeed new creatures, that people who delight after the law of god in the inward man, people who enjoy the fellowship with god because that we have been made alive to god. so all of that is part of salvation. and thats the good news of the gospel.

