sets around quiet and we set around silent and we set around without a burden and without a brokenness and aint being ugly but listen to what im saying is this is we come in contact with people every day of our lives. well never handle the gospel track too. that we wont have enough god in our lives but even in our silence they know theres something different about us. look like the world, act like the world, walk like the world, treat people like the world, treat people instead of like the life of christ inside of us and we wonder why though the songwriter penned it years ago, can the world see jesus in you? can they see his love and the things that you do? are you living the life? are you faithful? are you true? can the world see jesus? see jesus in you? i look at the clock on the back wall, one or two things either im blind and cant see it or the second hand is so small that i cant see it but i can see that the meaning of hand is progressing quite quickly. we know what brother joes today and brother joes dear wife took me around, showed me clocks, clocks ever were and some of them clocks but johns still here, hes still here, take, take, take, take, take, somebody went to hell, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take. oh that was a whole family went out in the car wreck, went to have a take, take, oh theres somebody went to hell, take, every take, every take, every take. before we get done the night, there are people who draw their last breath, before we get done the night, theyll be people thatll draw their, theyll prepare, theyll never let, get the pillow their head. theyll never get to lay their head on their pillow and pillow their head tonight because of the fact is theyll draw their last breath before it ever gets time to the end of the hell. and tonight it ought to scare us, it ought to put a fear inside of us, it ought to put something inside of us, and it ought to stir something inside of us that the fact of the matter is that somebodys going to hell. think you bible if you would the book of revelation. the book of revelation. and i want to be honest with you, can i just go ahead and say something right here, and now its to the point in the independent fundamental bible believing churches, if you preach on hell, youre trying to scare people into a decision. im not being ugly, im about tired of these wimpy baptist churches that they want to come in and it just wants to be sweetness and kindness and all that kind of stuff. and you know, lets just worship jesus, lets not think about the negative, lets not think about the negative. can i say something? i dont see how you can look at hell and think about anything but negative. the only positive thing about hell is im not going. amen. hallelujah. and bible said this, the book of revelation. now you know this to be the great white throne judgment, bible said, i saw a great white throne, whom that set on it from whose face in the earth and the heavens fled away. and there was found no place for them. revelation chapter number 20, verse number 11. verse 12. and look at this next statement. and i saw the, say it next word, say it again, i saw the what? dead. say these next three words, small and great. can i tell you something? theres going to come a day when every person that has not accepted the lord jesus christ as their savior, no matter how small, no matter how great they were, no matter how wealthy they were, no matter how poor they was, no matter what they had in their hip pocket, no matter what they did not have in their hip pocket, no matter what they had in their bank account, no matter what they didnt have in their bank account, he said, i the small and the great are going to stand before god. and the books were open. and another book was open, which is the book of life. and the dead were judged. now those things which were written in the books according to their works. and the sea gave up the dead, which were in it. and death and hell delivered up the dead, which were in them. and they were judged every man according to their works. and death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. this is the second death. and whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. you say preacher, if this god you preach about is such a loving god, he wouldnt see him people of hell. can i say something to them?

