punishing wicked kings even. and when as psalm 2 says, the heathen rage, the people imagine a vain thing, and the kings of the earth set themselves together. and they take counsel together against the lord and against his anointed, then psalm 2 says, but he thats seteth in the heavens shall laugh. he shall have them in derision. no, the enemy will not succeed. they are just like fire brands, verse 4. the lord says there. two of them are worse than one, thats true. but theyre just like two sticks in the fire. they burn more violently, but theyre just smoking fire brands. their threatening will vanish into smoke. heres the confidence of the church that god is god. and god is on his throne. and god rules even when everything seems to be wrong. and thats reason to trust him. thats another lesson we draw here. trials are gods call to trust him. gods trials are gods call to trust him. there are trials here for as. they make him afraid. but the trials also in your life are calls from god to trust him. thats what the lord wants as to hear to trust him, verse 4. there are four commands in verse 4. and theyre all calling him to trust him first. take heed. thats a word for watching and waiting. psalm 59 verse 9 says, because of his strength i will wait upon the, for god is my defense. yes, waiting on the lord. thats the call to depend on him. take heed. secondly, be quiet. be quiet. its a word thats used after the people of israel came into the promised land, defeated their enemies. its all happened under joshua. and then it says in joshua 11, verse 23, and the land rested from war. thats the call, be quiet. its a call to rest. its the same word that isaiah will use later for the fruit of righteousness in isaiah 32, verse 17. and the work of righteousness shall be peace and the effect of righteousness, quietness, and assurance forever. take heed. be quiet. fear not. the third thing thats said. fear not. its the same word thats spoken to abraham in genesis 15, where we meet him after the lord had given him victory over the enemy, but abraham seems to be afraid. maybe afraid of retaliation. he doesnt live in highwalled cities. he lives in tents. hes exposed to danger. he feels vulnerable, but the lord says to him, fear not. and then the fourth word, neither be fainthearted. he has as afraid. hes not the only one who has ever been afraid. what are you afraid of? boys and girls, what are you afraid of? and be afraid of those who dont like you. who arent kind to you always. or maybe youre afraid that youll get sick. or afraid that things wont go well at work or in your business. maybe youre afraid of getting a disease. maybe youre afraid of being alone. how many fears can there not be in our life? trials seem to bring out fears. whats the trial in your life? whatever it is this morning, you see what the lord does. he wants to turn you to himself. he wants to have you take refuge to him to trust in him. thats what the lord jesus wanted to affect also in the lives of his disciples in the new testament. remember, boys and girls, when they were on the boat? the sea of galilee and the storm rose. and the disciples are trying to keep the boat from sinking. the lord jesus is sleeping. and but no matter what the disciples do, it doesnt seem to help that finally they cry out to him. master, carousel now that we perish.

