and the lord condescends even further for he allows, a. has, he invites a. has to ask for a sign, verse 11, ask the assign of the lord thy god, ask it either in the depth or in the height above, he may ask a sign of the lord. thats what the unconverted sometimes say. ive been asking for a sign and he hasnt given me. here he is, is invited to, a sign to show that the promises of god are true and i ask, could ask for anything. moa, moses, rather, and received a sign when his faith was weak and faltering and the lord gives him a sign, remember children, that rod in his hand became a serpent and gideon asked for a sign and the lord gave him what he asked for and god would give hezekiah, the son of a. has assigned the shadow of the sundial would return and here the lord promised a sign. he promised a miracle to a. has, but a. has is defiant, a. has is rebellious, a. has doesnt want to ask for a sign. he refuses to ask for a sign and he sounds pious. i will not neither will i tempt the lord, he says. but why will he not ask? because he doesnt want to believe gods word. the sign that god will give will confirm the word of god, but he doesnt care for the word of god. he doesnt want to listen to the word of god, he doesnt want to hear it, but you see the lesson that we can draw here another lesson. i mean trials are gods call to trust it. that was one lesson. heres another lesson. unbelief can sound pious. unbelief can sound pious. we can say the right thing, but be indifferent and unbelieving. we can say the right thing. i mean king herod in matthew chapter 2. he sounded pious when he said to the wise man who came looking for jesus born king of the jews. he sounded pious when he said you go and look for him. when you find him tell me and i will go and worship him too. it was pious, sounding unbelief or judas iscariot. when mary anointed the lord jesus with that precious spike nard and mary doesnt just pour out a few drops over the lord jesus, but she pours it over his head and down his body and it was pricey. it was about a years wages. it was all used up in a moment and the disciples said that was a waste. that was excessive. it had really have to be that much and the disciples already have other ideas of what it could have been done with that money. i mean there was a world full of poor people. thats where the money should go to. at least thats what judas said. and seems judas has great compassion for the poor and for the needy, but he said it being a thief. unbelief can sound pious and thats how we can be. that we say, but i cannot just ask just like that. can i? and we say, but god has to do it. and we excuse our unbelief and we excuse our unrepentance and thats how we make god weary. like a parent who is sick and tired of disobedience, thats no small thing, but to make god weary by unbelieving words that can sound pious. and not only can the unconverted sound pious, the true christian can also at times sound pious when he isnt in this right condition. he can close his ears to what god says because of what he wants and he does his own thing and he rejects gods counsel and you invent pious excuses and you justify your disobedience and sin. is that maybe why isaiah had said in the previous chapter that he was a man of unclean lips?

