god said, well i didnt know, oh yes you didnt know too. and see what hell do is hell take you back to a service on november the 30th, 2017. a little church by the name of pleasant valley baptist church, went a loud mouth of nopsious baptist evangelists from tennessee. he said, well i didnt know he didnt know that. he said, yes you knew. yes you knew. and what hes going to do at that day, hes going to go to that book and every person, every person, hes going to take the time. you say how you know that, because thats what he said. he said, whoevers name was not found written so hes going to look safe and threaten. hes going to come to you and hes going to say, all right. oh. next person. see if you go back to the book of matthew, the book of matthew paints a picture of those that are going to say lord did we not prophesy on the name and i may not name cast out many devils and i may not name many wonderful works. and hes going to say depart from him and never knew you. you know how hes going to be able to say that, i never knew you because theyre names not in this book. i preach a christian school service one morning. it aint been ugly, you talk about a challenge, some of the most challenging services of christian schools because most of them are a bunch of selfrighteous blowhards. amen. they got their tags, their identities, they got their hair right and their clothes are right and theyve got everything right and its a bunch of selfrighteousness but anyhow thats another story for another time. and im telling you what i preach that i dont even really remember what i preached on but somehow in the end of it i ended up not coming out of the pool pit just like im now and i started going and id say i appreciate you being here this morning and id say do you know the lord as your savior? if youre died right now youre going to heaven and i wouldnt even give him a time to answer id just go home with her out of here. i went to every person, every boy, every girl i even went by the teachers. with 12 kids got saved that morning. i never will forget years ago shaking peoples hands and then every now and then somebody would say sign my bible and walked up and thats something ive got to the place where somebody would ask me to sign the bible. i thought oh well ive got it. anyhow i got in the habit with a distal especially with kids when i signed their bible and i said whats your name? and they went my names brandon. i said hey brandon, let me ask you a question. you know the lord as your savior? as im handing them their bible back. i just got in the habit of doing that with kids and this lady and i just dont know how to say its an elderly lady. she had snowy white hair, sweet lady. weve been in meet and all the way home. and anyhow she handed me her bible. she put your sign in my bible and i said yes maam id be honored and i signed it and as im folding it i said maam can i ask you a question? i said do you know the lord as your savior? and even in my mind bro this tell i thought why not just ask this lady there. and brother ali she looked at me and she snatched her bible. she said yes i do. like it offended her that i asked her. can i say something? its never offended me. you offended anybody asked me was i saved. and i thought i wonder if the old sister maybe missing a little something. she missing a sweet spirit i know that man. i should question. the reality i think ive convinced you and i cant even give you a biblical proof that not somebodys going to hate it. i dont know that its somebody here. but i guarantee you somebody within hands reaches somebody here will soon be offered in time. wouldnt surprised me a bit to come into the house of god tomorrow night and somebody said creature i had a friend in the car red. or you say why? because its happened to me times. but tonight i dont ask you a question. and i dont want you to tell me what your mama said or what your daddy said or what papa said. but i want you to answer in your heart. thats your question. if you were to take that son of a breath. do you know that you know?

