wrong because weve had good worship this week and i thank god for that. can i tell you something weve sadly and sorely lost sight of the reality that as much as we glory in a place that one day its gonna end troubles and trials, heart aches will be no more what a day glorious day thats gonna be that as we enjoy that day of great glory that there will be those that we have personally rubbed shoulders with that will be in a place of eternal torment at the very same time. tonight i want to preach to you on this thought on somebody is going to hell. somebody is going to hell, lets bow our heads, lets pray. father, i love you. god, if there ever was a time i need you to push back the host of hell, god that would be right now. i know satan desires to hinder, to distract, to deter. he would like to dilute. i pray god youd help me to be concise. god, i pray youd give me boldness in the holy ghost, but god at the same time give me wisdom. god to understand and to pray and to preach. exactly what thus should be. god, i know this. i know that my words will be nothing more than sounding brass and a teakling symbol. if i dont have the love of god at the base of my soul, so god, i pray through the power and the ability through a heart of love that youd help me to preach the word of god and make an appeal. god to these people that are here that god it couldnt very well be. somebody in this place tonight, if they were to take their final breath, theyd open, theyd lift up their eyes and then hell, they would be in torment for all eternity. now father, i pray tonight, if that not be the case, if maybe this message is to challenge somebody on the pew that they would god develop a life that has a burden and has a purpose of taking the gospel to a lost and down world, let that so be the case. father tonight, i pray that youd help me. god, i pray i confess. i present myself before you as helpless without your touch, helpless without your action, helpless without the work of god in my soul. the father will give you the glory and will give you the honor and i pray god that you would relieve the struggle. i pray that you would give great strength. and god in this hour i ask, get all i pray. youd bless. i pray you continue to do it work. here at pleasant valley baptist church, god, i pray you to continue to bless this place. pour your spirit on this place. god continue to do it work among this people. god, i pray as its day best prayed. i pray god, you didnt large their coast. god give them more to do than theyve ever had to do. help them to reach farther than theyve ever reached. help them to go farther than theyve ever gone. help them to do more than theyve ever done. god, i pray that you let this church, god be a lighthouse at calico, rock, arkansas. god, i pray that youd let this church make a difference in this place that they are planted and where you place them. now, god, you have us, i pray in jesus dear name. amen. and amen. you can be seated. youll find in the word of god that we find in verses 43 down through verses number 48 that there are three appeals there are made. now, we find number one, the appeal thats made to the have the hand and then the appeal thats made concerning the foot and then the appeal thats made concerning the eye. three things we find number one. he said, itd be better off for you to be crippled. it would be better off for you to be to be to be limping. it would be better off for you to be one eye than to be an individual that went into hell with all your both your hands with both your feet or with both your eyes. now, three things i want to identify. number one, we see this, the hand speaks of the deeds of men. what men are doing. can i say something to me not when we talk about that and when we think about the place called hell, we probably think about the deeds of maybe quite evil men and and we were talking today about about people and their intentions and and what theyll do and all that kind of stuff and can i say to you that there are some mean and very wicked individuals in this world. there we got dope dealers and weve got weve got perverts running all over this country and weve got all kind of wickedness and i can i say this the fact of the matter is after working in the ems and working in the legal system as a deputy jailor can i tell you something ive come to this understanding that a that a lost unregenerate mind is a devils breeding ground and some of the most deplorable things can be thought up in a lost mans mind and we see him taking place today. weve seen the stories on the news and weve heard the things about the deeds of men and how vile they are were abductions take place and where vile and wicked things take place where where people will take a mans life

