i thought i was supposed to be another one. im on that right. yeah, okay. good morning. this is not my weather. we are spoiled in peru. it is 60 to 80 yearround. dry summer temperatures. sunny 330 days of the year. i dont like this weather. but we are excited to be here today. and all of our travels and work, we dont get here that frequently. so it is a blessing to be here today and connect up with so many of you that we know and meet so many new people. what a blessing. my wife debbie is here with me. if youll stand, debbie is with me. shell share a word in the abf hour. if you know don and viv bond, debbie is the youngest of the bond children. and don and dad and mom bond both went to glory in the last year. but it is a blessing to be here. we really appreciate the support and the opportunity from the pastoral team. jim russ and chris really appreciate that. theyre encouraged to meet this opportunity to share with you this morning. in the second hour, well be sharing a very detailed, very clear update on what the lord has been doing over these many years in peru. so i think it will encourage your faith as youve been praying for us. and i believe that god will be honored and it will really encourage you to see what he has been doing. taking a pioneer field from zero churches when we arrived till today, we have over 70 churches. you want to hear the story? come back in the second hour. god is doing great things. its not us. its in spite of us. but god is doing great things. do you feel sometimes beat down by life? just the waves of life? and just sometimes we feel beat down. do you remember a few months ago there was that highly publicized fight between mcgregor? and who was the other one? mayweather? boxing, although rough, has its rules. have your gloves on. there are rounds. your opponent gets knocked down. you have to give them at least 10 seconds to get off. well, you go over in your corner and wait. and then the bell rings and you go and rest for a little bit and you come back. theres no biting, theres no kicking, theres no gouging, theres no hitting below the belt. its rules, right? theres rules. and mayweather was from the free fighting arena. and they do martial arts and they do wrestling and they do kickboxing. and those fights are just wild. i mean, they punch, they kick. theyll throw you down on the ground. they can hold you in a stringle hold and be beating on you while they have you down until you give up. or youre knocked out or whatever. its almost like theres no rules. life feels more like that sometimes. we get knocked down and were just getting off the floor and another shot comes in. and were just getting off the floor and another shot comes in. many times life feels like that. it feels like were just being beat down and theres no rules. what do you do when you feel very alone and that theres no one that fully understands you and can walk in your shoes? what do you do when you find out that your wife has cancer? and then all of these thoughts start spinning in your mind. but what if, but what if in the treatment and the treatment? what is the treatment? and how long is the treatment? and what if the treatment doesnt work? and my children and as our insurance cover it. and what do you do? and you got a thousand, a thousand thoughts spinning through our mind. and then you find out that one of your children isnt walking with the lord. and you raise them up in biblical principles. and theyre adults now. and theyre just not walking with the lord. and then sometimes in some churches, people begin to murmur and criticize you. and youre already beat down. and then sometimes christians who dont know any better will start to murmur and criticize and judge you. oh, well, must be they didnt raise their children very well. and so its another hit on top of another hit. and when youre down sizing, thats what they call it. and youre losing your job. and you dont know what to do. how do we find a job today?

