trying to counsel and i was dealing with some people in my church and i was trying to show them what the right direction and man there time id sit down id spend hours counseling id spend bible time study time trying to come up with bible studies to give them and scripture to help them and i sit across the table from a preacher friend of mine and i looked at him and i told him what all id done what all id tried and he looked at me very simply he said, but i say this sometimes the fact of the matter is that some people cant do good because goods not in them to do. he said not only the hand of the foot, the direction of men where theyre going, their ways, your works, your ways, but then he speaks of the eye. he said, i dont know about you but if you get real honesty and it amazes me, these bunch of spineless liberals, we dont like to use these verses because theyre so graphic. but that same bunch of coconuts are opening up the doors and let their children watch anything on television. let them go to the movie house and watch anything down to movie house. amen. can i teach something? hollywood has done more harm to the cause of christ because nowadays a preacher cant preach it gruesome enough because theyve done saw it on a movie on tv and you cant paint about enough picture in somebodys mind because hollywood has done depicted that and weve got a demonic this and demonic that and weve got werewolves and weve got and weve got harry potters and weve got and weve got vampires and all that kind of stuff and so we dont have any fear anymore. amen. but he said the, your eye, he said this in verse number four, said, i offend the pluck it out. these are gruesome things. hes talking about cutting your hand off and cutting your foot off and now hes saying itd be better just for you to rip up and just just claw your eyeball out of your eye socket. he said, be better for you to do that than the inner end of hell. itd be better for they to enter into the kingdom of god with one eye than having two eyes to be cast into hellfire. see can i say something in the day in which we leave? we dont tremble over the word hell anymore. its become such a by word thats used in common society that we dont tremble over the word hell anymore. we talk about the days and the old time meetings and the old time power where men of god would stand and preach and sinners would tremble on the pew at the thought of drawing their last breath here and slipping off into a place called hell but nowadays people life at it they mock at it. can i say something to you realize according to statistics and i look this up that the death rate that per hour i dont know how long we say well be here in church maybe two hours the death rate per hour that 6,316 people in this world die every hour. 151,600 every day. 55.3 million people every year. so when we leave this building today after two hours of meeting a 12,636 people will have died and slipped off into eternity. the fact of the matter is its very possible that before we leave this building one of us could slip off into eternity ive seen it happen before. its very possible that by the time you get home you may go home to a phone call that somebody thats close to you somebody you know somebody thats dear to you have slipped off into eternity. its possible. the fact of the matter is is this were living in a day and were living in a society that wants to try to erase the reality of a place called hell. religion has renounced it. preachers have had it in churches have covered it to fill their pews. theologians have tamed it to sell books, sinners, scoff at it, satan is servant, educators explain it, musicians market, hollywood makes a glamour thing out of it, liberals life at it, the rich have rejected it, communists have cursed it, and the aclu tries to abolish it. and let me just go ahead and throw this right here and were living in a day where sodomites have sensualized it. and they talk about their acts and the things they do and they say when we get to hell thats what were going to do when we get to hell.

