no process although i am nothing nothing but nothing you dont become nothing by the law and by your obligations. you become nothing by grace. i try to be nothing in a way of my conversion. i think i thought let me crawl on the earth like a worm and i tried to crawl on the floor as a worm. do you know? judgment, no peace. do you know when i got to be nothing? can you tell me when you got to be nothing when he became your all in all? not worth the that you would come into your roof. thats practical religion. thats gracious grace. with old communication that old man is such a rough man. you always fight the new man. old man, that old rock man, that back of war was that back of war. if religion afflicted and a diligently never reaching the goal but a diligently forked by process i chase for holiness. he said, but im glad. im probably not right word but you know what im saying. he took me there for a long time for it. gods people are never coming. that one at the end of the rope christ is there and he provides a gift as the alphanel may go all you need for time and eternity. with our younger women he said, common grace like again the world, wax one turn against christ. he says, and they must marry the meseek and im an ask for im an ask for im an ask for if they dont it goes wrong. they seek and walk from us the house, talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk women that never come to knowledge, talk and talk and talk and talk and talk. thats im an nonsense talk but that was also busy bodies, always speaking about either saying how another man should do it. you should do it different man. busy bodies busy bodies. if youre being a pastor you know whats busy body. you always are standing on the sideline and they know what you have to do and to preach and to sign thats it. busy bodies. know it always better and to with better know it better. better ideas, better truths but dont know anything, no, no, no, anything. you know what happens? you thought you were converted by the symmetry of the relevant, very serious but it lasted not long. christ wasnt in it. you know what a bible says? some already turned aside after satan. theyve seen in the forty years of christ many people of whom i thought had first impressions of waiting for grace.

