the morning star. but there are many who seek to mimic and counterfeit and steal from christ. and one of the sins of this king was what amounted to his attempt to steal what rightly belonged to christ. and we see in verse 13 and 14 what this all amounted to. and so thats why the name morning star is supplied derisively to him here whether he actually used it or not is an important. and yes, the devil himself is always seeking to take what belongs to christ. thats his nature. but its also characteristic of those who follow him who are held in his power like this babylonian king, like kim jong un and like many other world leaders we could name nero hitler and thousands of others. and so what they and what nebuchadnezzar king of babylon and belchazir, another king of babylon, what all of them personified was the spirit of satan, not the spirit of god. and they thought too highly of themselves. they were prideful. they were arrogant. look at what look at what this king actually was saying in his heart in verses 13 and 14. but you said in your heart, i will ascend to heaven. i will raise my throne above the stars of god. and i will sit on the mount of assembly. and ive east as i will sit on the heights of mount zaphone. in the recesses of the north, i will ascend above the heights of the clouds. i will make myself like the most high. well, you can see why people think of satan when they read this. and apart from the context, that would make sense. in the context, this is a king who falls and whose reign comes to an end. so why did this morning star fall? well, here it is. he fell prey to the same lie as someone else had. who else fell prey to these beliefs in scripture? if you can be like god, if theyll prey to the same lie as she did in the garden. and notice this term, i will five times here, two sentences. i will ascend to heaven. i will raise my throne. i will sit on the mount of assembly. i will ascend above the heights of the clouds. i will make myself like the most high. you said in your heart to say in your heart was a hebrew idiom meaning to think or resolve in ones mind. here the prophet isaiah ridicules the pride of this babylonian king. hes relying on his own greatness. he sees for himself this uninterrupted reign as if he had the power that god has, the power of life and death. now isaiah has been warning against and preaching against the sin of pride all through this book. people openly say theyre proud. bible openly says pride is a sin. and in this king, we are given a mirror to show where pride can lead us. said, i will ascend into heaven. in these words and the ones that follow, the boasting is kind of absurd, isnt it? its impossible to believe that this king even would say these words. remember, this is a poem. prophet isnt quoting any words of the king. hes writing a poem to teach us these truths. but he is displaying the thoughts of all of the prideful and the arrogant, all who claim to elevate themselves above what human nature will allow. who does that? who is it that elevates themselves above what human nature and human abilities would allow? what kind of ministers do that? those who stand up there and say they have the power to heal people. now theres a difference between praying for god to heal someone and trusting in god and asking god and claiming that power for yourself. thats what this kings doing. hes claiming this to the powers of god. i will raise my throne above the stars of god. i will sit on the mount of the assembly in the recesses of the north. he wanted to sit on the mount of assembly, attempted to make himself equal with god. now the niv, which you have, right joe? it translates the mount of assembly as mount zaffon. i will sit on mount zaffon. well, what do we know about that? well, in canaanite mythology, mount zaffon in the north of canaan was thought to be what? the home of the gods. so i will go to the home of the gods and i will sit there. this king saw himself as a god. he says so in the next phrase, i will make myself like the most high.

