he went through ridicule and shame. now what are you saying? he says, with him, note the words with him. he that spared not his own son, but delivered him up with us all, for us all. how shall he not with him also free to give us all things? now heres the argument, if god is going to give you his son, and if hes going to so give you his son that hes going to die on the cross, do you not think that with that gift of his son, hes going to include these little lesser things? thats the argument. obviously, if hes given his son to redeem you, hes going to give you the spirit of faith. hes going to give you knowledge and wisdom. hes going to give you everything you need. hes going to call, hes going to quicken you. hes going to lead you, hes going to guide you, hes going to bless you, hes going to have mercy on you. hes going to give you everything because if hes given you the greater, then obviously hes going to give you everything lesser. if god so clothed as solomon all of his glory, the grass of the field, and the lilies you see, which today is, and tomorrows cast of, and shall he not much more clothed you of all year little faith. now, what are you saying is, if god cloths the flowers, and man theres some beautiful flowers, if god takes the time to cloth those flowers that are so insignificant, theyre going to be gathered together and just dry up how much more is he going to cloth us, the argument there from the lesser to the greater. how about this are not five sparrows, sold for farthings, two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before god, but even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. fear not, therefore, for a year more value than many sparrows. and so again, the argument from the lesser to the greater, if god is concerned even with sparrows, if he is so knowledgeable of you, and so cares about you, that the very hairs of your head are numbered, and as ive taught you this before, it could be two ways, he knows the total number, or each hair is numbered. you see? and i dont know if youre like me, boy, after you take a shower, and you see all that in the shower, it does kind of trouble me. but god cares, he cares about that, you see? all right, now lets go to the book of romans, chapter 11, roman chapter 11, verse 12 and then verse 15. look at the argument here, romans 11, 12. now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them, the riches of the gentiles, how much more their fullness? now what are you talking about? god put a judgment on the nation israel because of their disobedience, and it come to a fullness. their last act of disobedience was the rejection of gods own son, and god poured out wrath upon them to the uttermost. and as part of the judgment, the gospel went to the blind, the halt in the lame, which is us gentiles. they had forfeited their great privileges, and part of their judgment is that which they should have had was given to others. and so god, once again, used a great judgment to show mercy, and he brought it to us. so hes saying that if their fall brought the goodness of god upon the gentiles, how much more when theyre actually received in, and thats found in verse 15, for if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead? now, my understanding of this, what he is saying is, if the rejection of israel as a theocracy, they lost their places at theocracy. god turned to the gentiles, he turned to the kingdom of god to fill all the earth. they no longer had the right and priority of having the temple, and all of those things that they had. so if the casting away of them brought salvation to us, then gods great work of redemption that will be done in the fullness of time among the jews shall bring in the resurrection, life from the dead, and eternal blessing. you see, thats just what hes saying. and youll find, if you go through this chapter, that in the coming of jesus christ, much like the apostle paul, gods gonna show a great work of redemption when they look upon him whom they appears, and theyll say, blessed is he that come within the name of the lord. and when the apostle paul said, i was born out of due season, the word due season means early. he was a miscarriage, he was an abortion. he came early, not late. and how was he redeemed? he was redeemed by a manifestation. what brought the gospel to his heart with great...

