be separated from that love. youll never be separated from that grace. its pretty allinclusive. i mean it talks about things present and things to come. you say, well i could lose my salvation. well is that in the present or maybe tomorrow? he said things present or things to come. you see you cant lose it because youre in god, as ive taught you. the bible says, god dwells in us and we dwell in god. so i dont know about you but i would hate to try to walk out of god. hes pretty big. you say, and so we need to be encouraged and if we understand a few of these things that im sharing with you more can be said about this passage but my time is getting away from me. it should help us in our thinking and help us in dealing with problems because if we think right and we believe and we have the spirits power then we can control our thinking and basically i mean we have a lot of things happen to us but your response to it is basically your life. have you ever been perfectly, i mean everythings fine and youre miserable? are you ever had times when everythings miserable and youre fine? because its your spirit. you know everything you can be going well and all of a sudden youre troubled, worried and anxiety will come upon you and theres nothing really to worry about. theres no, you know, but all this and then other times everythings happening and youre just there with a smile on your face because you have the grace of god in your heart. and so how you think about things, how you think and this isnt just some kind of imaginary makebelieve thing. you see this is the truth. youre able to walk by faith, not by sight. its not developing an illusion and being able to live like theres a video out about false religions and it shows these people real giddy and theyre laughing and their eyes are all glassy. and i mean you can just look at them and you know somethings not going on right in the brain. and they have, like they used to have in the second grade awakening people would just start laughing and couldnt stop laughing. well anything you cant control is not of god. the bible says selfcontrol. and so basically you understand what im saying our joy is not cheap. our joy is not fabricated. our joy is based on the truth. its based on eternity. its based on the spiritual kingdom you cannot see and the christ exalted above all things. it is by believing the truth that we have these things. it is by believing the truth that we are set free. it is not some opium of psychological thought. it is believing the truth that gives us this piece and this joy and not believing a lie. this is what liberates us. we know these things. we believe these things and it liberates us because we see things from a biblical perspective, from a theistic perspective, from a theological perspective. and were able to know whats going on. even if we dont understand the particulars, we know that in the big picture that god is in control, that hes working out things for our good and his glory and that hell keep all of his promises. and if we trust in him, were going to come out in the other side and let me just close with this one more practical point again. dont be discouraged when problems come up because something is changing that needs to be changed. you see? so take an observation. look at that. live and respond properly. problems in your marriage, problems in the workplace. a lot of times they come up because theres an attitude in your heart that needs to be changed. theres some wrong thinking that needs to be corrected. theres some testimony that needs to be given to another. god is working something out. if youre in a church and theres never any problems, the church is dead. and if you have a life that never has any problems, i mean youre living like a dead person. life has problems, but how do you relate to those? do you just claim up? do you just try to act like they dont exist? do you crawl in a corner? or do you begin to pray and get wisdom and get understanding and in that and through that be more than a conqueror. you see for the glory of god. thats the way that we deal with things. all right, lets stand by their eyes and come and well close a diverse of song this evening.

