see? and not only they will be devoured, but the whole planet earth will be disintegrated. and all the planets and all the moons and all the stars and all the galaxies will flee away from him that sits upon the throne and from the wrath of the lamb. friends, there wont be any place left. there will be a vast, deep, total renovation since satan will be cast with the two beasts, the beasts and the false prophet, and all unbelievers in the lake of fire forever and ever, great white throne judgment. the most horrible thing about that judgment is everybody will be judged according to their works. that means no hope. degrees of punishment, yes, according to their works, books opened. everything perfectly, perfectly done. o friends, the millennium turns out then to be just a vestibule, see for the eternal state. the day the lord never ends, it just changes function as christ will have defeated his last enemies here and will turn over the meditorial kingdom to his father, 1 corinthians 15, and there will be a new relationship, you see. christ will no longer be defeating enemies anymore. he will no longer therefore function as a mediator in that sense. thats very mysterious. but god will make a clean sweep of all opposition. watch now here and here, just like he did at the flood in the days of noah. what? i even hate to read what hes going to do to people who hate him. im just going to rush through these verses with you verses 12, 13, 14, 15, all how horrible. this shall be the plague wherewithal lord will smite all the people that have fought against jerusalem. their flesh shall consume away while they stand in their feet. their eyes shall consume away in their holes. their suckers. their tongues shall consume away in their mouth. it shall come to pass in that day. the great two moth from the lord shall be among them. they shall lay hold every one of the hand of his neighbor and his hand shall be rise up against the hand of his neighbor. thats the way it often was in old testament battles when god totally destroyed the enemies of israel. they destroyed each other, the midianites. all getting had to do with this pitiful army of 300 was just a hold up a torch, blast a trumpet, and the enemy was supernaturally destroyed. well what part will judah have in this? theyre going to be part of the program, you see, somehow, like weve seen earlier, and in micah 5, judah shall also fight at jerusalem, and the wealth of all the heathen around about should be gathered together, gold and silver and a peril and a great abundance. you know, the companion prophet along with zefania was haggai, and haggai said, when that day comes, the precious things of all nations will come into the holy land for help in for material contribution to the rebuilding of the temple just like egyptian spoil was used to build the tabernacle in the wilderness. thats an amazing thing to think about. everything dear friends, every detail has been planned by god for this great day thats coming. yes, god will vindicate his people in that day, and so shall be the plague of the horse, of the mule, of the camel, of the ass, and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents as this plague. you know, thats all spelled out in revelation 19. its called the great supper of god, the whole menu is published. the flesh of captains, the flesh of mighty men, the flesh of horses, how awful. animal and human opposition to god will be a banquet for vultures, the cleansing of the world before the great banquet that god will inaugurate as anticipated way back in isaiah chapter 25 of banquet of fat things, of wine, well refined, upon his leaves, in which time god will remove the veil that covers all nations, and jesus said, i will never again, jesus said, hes looking forward to that banquet, that banquet, said, never again will i drink of the fruit of the vine until i drink it new with you in the kingdom of my father, and you will sit down with me then, he said to his disciples, they will come from north, south, east, and west, you will sit down with abraham, isaac, and jacob, as a matter of fact, you will sit upon

