thank you, i can serve you. just pushing this stupid back, this blessed vacuum cleaner. and i can, boy, look, im serving god by vacuuming. see, we can decide to have joy or not. let me tell you the difference. the difference isnt, okay, thats what im gonna do. no, youre not. not if you dont spend time with jesus. when youre rejoicing and vacuuming, youre doing it, not because, okay, im going to rejoice. no, its because ive spent time at his feet and this is a joy to serve him. and thats what i think this first part teaches us. that the joy and service comes from spending time at jesus feet. martha is serving, but she doesnt have joy and because mary is doing the needful things, shes spending time at jesus feet. colossians three. one more place. colossians three. okay, sure like, well, thats all old testament. well, lets go new testament. colossians three. colossians three. very familiar verse. well look at it together. verse 22 is where were starting. well go down to verse 24. servant, so be in all things your masters going to flesh. not with eye services, men please. weve got in singleness of heart, fearing god. and once you do it, heartily is to the lord. it means from the heart, not just on the surface, but from the heart, you really, you mean this. its in your heart to do it. as to the lord and not in the men, knowing that of the lord, you shall receive the reward of inheritance for you serve the lord christ. i think whats implied in this is, is if you serve, if you do it heartily to the lord, thats where the reward comes from. if youre just doing it for the, the please men, youre doing it just as an eye pleaser, that theres no reward in that. the reward is serving god from the heart. i think thats what hes trying to get across. so we will not serve god joyfully if we dont spend time at jesus feet. thats the first lesson on relationship. heres the second lesson. go back with me to luke 11. okay, as i said, were just, were hopping through these. look at me in verse one. and it came to pass that as he was praying in a certain place, we think thats mount of olives. when he sees one of his disciples said into him, lord, he just to pray, as john also taught his disciples. now watch what happens here. and he said into him, when you pray, say, hour, what? father, not our god, our creator, our father, which art in heaven. and he continues to pray to talk along that line. now were gonna drop down to verse number 11. for the son shall ask, red of any of you that is a father, will you give him a stone? let me back up. let me pick up to verse number five. theres another part i dont wanna skip over. look at verse five. and he said into them, which of you shall have a friend? and shall go to him in midnight and say into him, friend, let me three lows. another personal type of attachment. now go down to verse 11. for the son shall ask any of you that is a father, will you give him a stone? or if you ask a fish, will you for a fish, give him a serpent? for you ask an egg, will you give him an offer and a scorpion? if you then being evil, know how to give good gifts into your children. how much more shall your heavenly father give the holy spirit to them, that ask him? so again, you have these personal terms here. so let me give you a second lesson about relationship. number two is this, the better we know god, the more able we are to pray boldly for what we need. now were talking about really looking at relationship, this personal oneonone relationship and how it feeds throughout each of these events. the first one teaches us that relationship helps us serve god joyfully. the second one tells us this, that the more we have this relationship, the more were gonna be able to approach him in prayer. jesus taught them to approach god boldly and by saying with this personal attachment, our father, he says its like going to a friend. and then he says, wait a minute, would you expect your father, a physical human father to give you hurtful things or things that would be opposite to what you have? of course not. so how much more shall your heavenly father give the holy spirit to them, that ask him? so the better we know god, the more able we are to pray boldly for what we need. now give you this couple statements and ill give you something to fill in. a relationship is built through two things. shared experiences, thats number one, over a period of time, usually both are important to build a solid relationship. shared experiences over a period of time. when you have those experiences, those experiences over that period of time allow you to know them, trust them and bond with them. think about people youve known for a period of time and you have shared experiences. you feel comfortable around them. you can just go up and talk to them. they get your humor.

