now they begin to show what they really value and what they really wont and again, you know, the illustration is, the illustration is morning. the teacher walks out of the room as i want you to do your work. what do most of the people do if they begin to play? why? because the teacher is not there. theres nobody there to make them do anything. so this is the idea of being gone aside, the idea that theres some total of all mans goodness before god. its just filthy rags because he is above all of us. i want to point this out and i want you to understand this. none of this means that every single person is as wicked as they possibly can be. nor does it mean that he never does anything that is of any good or that even that he hates god as much as he possibly can. none of this actually means that. we talked about last week how that clearly people do things that are good. so a fireman runs into a fire to save someone. i mean that is a good thing. thats someone sacrificing himself. we had the veterans day celebration a few weeks ago and we acknowledge that here are people who are willing to put their life on the line and some of them dead and in fact lost their life. why? to protect the country and we see that is honorable. we see that is worthy of praise. so again, people do good things. parents, oftentimes sacrifice for their children. grandparents sacrifice for their grandchildren. you do this and that shows some redeeming values. so we do have, we are capable of doing good things. even the bible that tells us that for example jesus acknowledged that while the pharisees had left off the way to your matters of the law, judgment, mercy and faith, he said that their commitment to giving of the tithes was appropriate. he said you ought to do these other things, not leave these other things undone. so here it is, hes acknowledging that what they were doing was good. youre just not going far enough. youre leaving off the way to your matters. what youre doing is good. but what youre not doing, youre leaving some other things off. and even in pauls writing to the romans, he speaks of the gentiles who instinctively follow the law. so here are people who have chosen to do what is good. so again, its not that mans incapable of doing anything that is good at all. he said he has this tendency towards sin and that that tendency is universal. man doesnt love god as he should. he doesnt love his neighbor as he should and he resists doing what he ought to do. he tends toward sin. so thats what hes telling us in this book of romans in verse 13 through 14. he begins to talk about the mans, what comes from the mans mouth. he said their throat is an open sepulcher with their tongues they have used to seat. the poison of the ass is under their lips whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness. so since what comes out of the mouth ultimately proceeds from the heart, then what is in the heart? well, when we listen to what people say, and we look at all mankind, we hear deceit, poison, curses, and bitterness, he describes them that their throat is an open sepulcher. now, thats a vivid picture. and so why do they have a closed sepulcher? well, because theres rotting flesh in the sepulcher and it stinks and its nasty and its gross. and so you cover that up. what he says, no, your throat, mankinds throat, is an open sepulcher. so what does that mean? well, its showing the rot that is within man in terms of his conversation. the things that he talks about, the things that he dwells on, that thats again describing the heart that is decaying, decayed heart before god. and then he tells us verse 15, he begins to show us how these things manifest themselves. their feet are swift to shed blood, destruction and misery in their ways, and the way of peace have they not known. so we see throughout human history this description is born out. that he is throughout history, man has had murders, hes had wars.

