first us on the indians chapter 5, verse 11. verse 11, you with me? therefore, what does it say? encourage. some translations say comfort. one another and build one another up just as you are doing. guess what this word encourage is. its the word paraclete but in the verb form. the word paraclete appears the five times that ive just shared with you. but heres something very, very interesting, something very important. god has given us the ministry of paracleting. in 2 corinthians 5, weve been given the ministry of reconciliation. we participate with god in the ministry of reconciliation. its seen people come to truss crisis or savior and have an intimate saving relationship with him. and we have a part in that. its called the ministry of reconciliation. here we are given the ministry of paracleting. its the verb paraclete and its in parative form and its purl. its you. if we were down south, we would say, yall. hes saying paraclete one with another. thats the command. its the verb for paraclete. paracleto. and its to the church. its to us. this is really neat. we are many agents of the holy spirit. we are many agents of jesus christ. we are many paracletes. we are given the ministry of paracleting. its in the imperative form. paracleto one with another. paraclete one with another. and edify one with another just as you are doing. but do it more. and expand our paraclete ministry. we are called to come alongside. so i need your help again. thank you. i dont have any chocolates here or anything to give you. but youre probably still full from thanksgiving, right? sure. okay. so we have jesus here. have the holy spirit here. hold your hands out, please. were in the hands of the father. and on top of that, god has given us the ministry of paracleting. we are called by god to come alongside of others. and sometimes its to comfort them, right? sometimes its to absorb and correct. and sometimes its to pray. and youve been without work for three months. and so i can give you a gift to help you. i can do that. and i should do that. so i can help you financially. and i can accompany you. and i can encourage you. and i can correct you. and i can help you. and i can disciple you. i can come alongside of you. and forgive the example. so if your wife has cancer, my wife can go with her for the treatments. and we can bring some meals over. and we can watch the kids for you. and we can shovel your walk with that ugly white stuff thats coming soon. we can take care of that. and i can walk with you. and i can accompany you. and i can cry with you. and i can pray with you. and i can help you. and weve been called to come alongside as many paracletes to aid one another according to their need in my abilities. and tell me, when my abilities are limited, and i cant help him in the way that he needs, apart from god, listen to me, apart from god, who ounces there to help him when i cant do it, because i have human limitations. right. and apart from the holy spirit and god, who ounces here to help him when i have my physical limitations? and i cant help him. the church. we. the body. we are the body of christ, were the family of god, were the bride of christ. all of us, every last one of us, has been given a spiritual gift, and every last one of us has been given the ministry of paracleting. this is written to the church. its a command. all of us are to come alongside. and what i cant do, another brother can do. and what that brother cant do, a sister can do. and what you cant do, she can do. and what she cant do, he can do. and we come alongside. and finally, when no one can do it, yes, we have a perfect almighty paraclete that can do it. but otherwise, we have our paracleting ministry. thank you. how do we fulfill this paraclete?

