i will ascend above the heights of the clouds. i will make myself like the most high. this is a pretty airing a guy. nevertheless, you will be thrust down to shale to the recesses of the pit. those who see you will gaze at you. they will ponder over you saying, is this the man who made the earth tremble, who shook kingdoms, who made the world like a wilderness and overthrew its cities, who did not allow his prisoners to go home? all the kings of the nations lie in glory. each in his own tomb, but you have been cast out of your tomb, like a rejected branch clothed with a slain who are pierced with a sword, who go down to the stones of the pit like a trampled corpse. you will not be united with them in burial because you have ruined your country. you slain your people. may the offspring of evil doers not be mentioned forever. prepare for his sons a place of slaughter because of the iniquity of their fathers. they must not arise and take possession of the earth and fill the face of the world with cities. i will rise up against them, declares the lord of hosts, and will cut off from babylon, name, and survivors, offspring and posterity declares the lord. i will also make it a possession for the hedgehog and the swamps of water. i will sweep it with a broom of destruction, declares the lord of hosts. bad things coming for babylon in this king. this is a picture. this is not a literal description, necessarily probably isnt. it is used to teach readers some truths about the realm of the dead, concerning the dead. and first, as we began to see last week, the dead are still alive. physical death is simply the separation of the spirit from the body. the spirit stays alive. in the bible, death is never the termination of life. this changes that sounds. death is never annihilation. its a change of place and condition. its once personal identity continues. once body goes into the grave, it decomposes, but once spirit remains alive. in this realm of the dead. and so here goes this king, his spirit into the realm of the dead, and these people are there to greet him. now, whether theyre greeting him, mocking him, is a matter of some discussion. but in verse 8, if you look back, we see that isaiah attributed speech to the trees. hes got the... says even the cypress trees rejoice over you in the seaters of lebanon. since you were laid low, no tree cutter comes up against us. and so now, here are the dead, and they rise and mock at the arrogance of this tyrant, with sarcasm, really. now, kings, were seeing... we have a great example of this in north korea right now. i dont know if were aware of this. they dont talk about it on the news like they should. this man believes he is god or a god. he believes he is possessed of deity, of deific quality. and its hard to deal with somebody who is so irrational. nero was one who believed in the deity of kings. there were many of these throughout history. there are more than kim jong un in the world today, who believe in the divine nature of all kings. but we see here that the bodies of kings and nobles undergo decay just as do the bodies of common people. that doesnt come as news to us, but it does come as news to some in this time. and today, and in those days, when kings were thought of as being gods, it came as some news. we learned something else. not only do kings also go where the rest of us go, but we also learn that the spirit of every person lives after death. in shaeol, the realm of the dead, there is a continuation of everyones personal identity. and theres recognition of others. notice he is recognized by others when he goes into this realm of the dead. also understand this is before the time of christ. and we know from paul that when a believer dies now, believing in christ, his spirit goes to be with the lord. but an unbeliever. likely still goes here. and here we have this recognition of this king as he arrives in shaeol, the realm of the dead. its not hell. its a realm of the dead. hades is the same thing usually. a couple times in the new testament it refers to hell, but usually both hades and shaeol refer to this realm of the dead. and the same idea appears in 2 samuel 1212

