and you have nothing, no fruit. and he says when you talk to them, dont review them, but speak comfortably with them, comfortable. he says, oh man, i know your situation. i know that you are attacked and i am attacked too. go on your knees together and pray them back for worship. thats the excitation paul speaks about in his first two verses. its conformable to what i preached at sunday night that we are not under law but under grace. so if people are coming to you say you have to and you have to and you have to, it will evoke more sin. but love, im not. grace is love. now ive said that you should deal. he said to timothy being careful in the ministry and opportunity. talk decently, attacked. i see men as this fallen, not from grace but from their office because they didnt walk impurity. now when we have said this, then we come to the next and thats important. he says there are windows in the church. its things that he doesnt speak about, windowwise. but i believe even a window is an example of a true christian. so if he is a widow or a young man, if he has this spirit, then knowledge to be a widow christ is your husband. not here. well, if any widow and then he deals with how to support him in the first place, have children or nephews, so children of a brother or a sister, let them learn first to show pity at home. widows are in the first place to be helped by the family. a row people in the first place should be held by the family, nephews, even. love of the family in the latter days, there wont be any natural love anymore. it should be among the churches different. yavuz, my father is so old i cant take care of him anymore. the world today doesnt know anymore whats live of god, not whats gone. and even among his people its called. not first in the first place by the collections of the church, by the deacons, but first of family. if the family abandones here, thats a sin. now i believe my children dont have money, thats another thing. but the widow should be helped, the widow means helpless and without strength that is a fair act. a fair act is someone who has no album, no support anymore, its lonely. theres no how to feed them and feed herself. first of family, nephews, even. the abbot thats of my father, mother, you know. and to quit their parents, do you know what it says? we quit their parents, their parents dont care when they were little babies. but today, parents dont care when they are little babies, but when the babies are going on all they dont need to take and dont want to take care of the parents anymore. thats the dying. you think god is pleased with it? its not pleased. do you know what the widow with the equipment means? pay back. the mother had to care of you, washing your clothes, feeding you.

