so selfdeification, again, a characteristic of babylonian kings of roman empires, still the case in north korea and elsewhere in the world today. and what satan whispered in eves ears at the beginning, he repeats over and over again. he isnt done with this little manoeuvre. and so, the thing is those who are raised to a high rank in this life are called not to conduct themselves pridefully, but to conduct themselves humbly, to submit themselves to god. this is the great crime of our courts, not submitting to god. they can say, look, we have freedom of this, and were not going to have an established religion. well, thats a dangerous position to take for any nation. those who seek to be like god, what happens? nevertheless, you will be thrust down to shale. king james says hell, thats probably unfortunate. its shale, the realm of the dead, to the recesses of the pit. instead of replacing god in the heights of the sacred mountain, which he said he was going to do, or thought he would do, the king of babylon is going down to shale with the maggots and the worms. even to the remotest depths of the pit of shale, the result of his pride he reached for the heights of heaven, but he fell to the bottom of the pit. and here, the terminology refers to a very distant place in shale, the furthest place one can get from the heights of heaven. and then in verse 16, we seem to have this continuing dichotomy now between the physical grave itself and the spiritual realm of the dead. those who see you will gaze at you. it will ponder over you, saying, is this the man who made the earth tremble, who shook kingdoms, who made the world like a wilderness and overthrew its cities, who did not allow his prisoners to go home? well, we see this tyrannical king, humiliated. shame. he once had the power to cause any nation to tremble in fear. think about this. how many nations can any of us on our own cause to tremble in fear? he had this power. it was a ruthless tyrant. he could turn any city into a deserted place without inhabitants, isaiah writes. he treated people unmercifully. wouldnt let the prisoners go home. but now in shale, all he has absolutely no power to do anything at all. this is the power of god. and then another sign of his humiliation, his disgraceful burial. hes going to pay for his evil treatment of others, verses 18 and 19, all the kings of the nations lie in glory each in his own tomb, but youve been cast out of your tomb, like a rejected branch, clothed with a slain who are pierced with a sword, who go down to the stones of the pit, like a trampled corpse. isaiah now depicts this wicked king in shale, always a rejected branch. this is in contrast to what we saw back in chapter 11, where the shoot of jesse, christ, in his fruitful branches. and this guys corpse is cast from its tomb, and he, his true self, lies in the realm of the dead with those who have been pierced with a sword. no goldfilled tomb, no elaborate burial chamber. theyll have no glory at all after he goes. you will not be united with them in burial because youve ruined your country. youve slain your people, may the offspring of evil doers not be mentioned forever. because youve ruined your people, you dont get this burial. he has laid the earth desolate, and so he doesnt deserve that the earth should receive him. his forebears and other kings apparently had this family mausoleum. hes not going to be joining them. hes going to the stones of the pit. now werent his forebears also wicked? and why are they allowed to remain in the royal mausoleum? perhaps. its like what we saw with the scribes and pharisees in jesus day on earth. perhaps it was because in him all their wickedness had filled up. and maybe he was a foreshadowing of the destiny of the scribes and pharisees, as we see in matthew 23, 35, upon them would fall the guilt of all the righteous blood shed on earth. so the kings destiny is the fruit of his wickedness. hes getting justice. this is what justice looks like for all of us. what we seek in christ is mercy. well, whats the application? the lord punishes the pride of wicked men, whose object is their own fame, whose object is to leave.

