when we go witness to them, when we do something that just out of the ordinary. we need to have a bold faith in a day that we live in. do we want to see gods blessing? that doesnt mean that gods going to obligate it, but it is an ordained means that he uses. we see the obedience of israel faith as mentioned in the roman 626, the obedience of faith. the unquestioning, questioning, submission of gods will. so many are using all kinds of other beings, substituting prayer and fasting and the listening of the word of god and praying for the blessing upon god, the preaching of gods word, going out and applying gods word, praying for the evangelistic outreach. and hebrews 10, 22, it says, let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith. we had these elements of hearing, of doing and victory. youre talking about a full assurance of faith. when you see those all those things come together, having our hearts sprinkled from medieval conscience. lets see, we cant have if we have that evil conscience, that doubt and that fear or in our bodies washed with pure water. there cannot be these sinful appetites that are not put to death and crucified. and then we find that again all things are possible to them that believe. this whole passage here has been an encouragement and been preserved by god to be an encouragement to gods people down through the ages. the invincibility of gods purpose, the sufficiency of his power and his readiness to intervene for his people who honor him. and then lastly we see, and they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, arts and sheep and asked with the edge of the sword the the waiting was over. it was done. in my fact, the silence is broken by that shout as it were the amen. so be it. we see that god had brought the victory over their enemies and gods eternal justice was pronounced upon the enemies. so lets think as we think about this passage. no matter how futile our work may seem and appear to be, lets have the patience of faith. and follow the example of israel here who faithfully obeyed the marching orders given to them when they even when they didnt see any results when they didnt look like humanly speaking that was going to work. they still obeyed god. they believe god. and when they saw again that no more of this outward and due season our faith will bring forth victory by gods grace. faith come with by hearing and that by the word of god. faith without works as dead and faith is a victory that overcomes the world. overcomes our jerichos. the jerichos are our sinful hearts. the jerichos are our sinful lives, our ways. the jerichos are the enemies of our souls, satan and his demons. the jerichos are the world. the jerichos are the flesh. lets again fight the good fight of faith looking unto jesus the author and finisher of our faith. now gods people have been circling the jerichos of this world for a long time. have it the centuries, millennium circling the jerichos of this world. but theres going to be that that seventh circling is coming when jesus christ shall come, his kingdom shall come and he will rule and reign. hes going to come and conquer and we will conquer and rule with...

