să permittedi huni cuir i m cert, la di o hadom pan physical mic sut mителimalamilei. la bătim cile viei e să oarrator ap special と as kept physical. ast? wră blind, zunala demi, create, blătim okimei, bătim c schulen finan monroe withers, aunas ni lillipit, we might be continual, have enjoyed in the word thats thy son. we win the world in its starting to be dangerous, will be a fire that can be taken out anymore. whats going on when all the things are made publicly. oh, that they would repent, not only say, i shouldnt have done it. that they would accept judgment and back from mercy in their dear son. return as unto day and canon in the united states, europe, and all the country. i would i dont know whats going to die good later, but im begging it, i never will be honored in the conversion reconciliation of the people resting and the foundation now is laid the cornerstone that your son that mercy reposes we ask it in jesus name. amen. convegation also, in all ways, in the letters of paul, the last chapters are the anemezus, the anemezus is. yeah, we can also say, exortation. first, or really, build with the doctrines and in the last chapters, he exhorts the church to walk in the ways of lord. and you see, it also here, when he spoke to timothy, he says, if you deal with all people, dont rebuke them. dont reproach them. but in 3d, the word in 3d is comfort. speak in comfort. talk to him out of the gospel. there is no obligation in grace, thats only grace, this grace. he says, you should be speak to do very graciously out of the gospel. so if you see an old man sinning, you should comfort him. you should be christian with a comfort in christ by a true faith, by his righteousness. not condemning him or approaching him, but speaking in 3d, as a father. as a father. of the church, fathers in grace. but young man has brotheren. not above, but not anirpet. brotheren. speak comfortably to those of thy people of god who have sinned. speak out of the gospel. that they might believe and trust. and if forgiveness of sins and christs teases alone. now the other woman as mothers. and the younger woman as sisters. and then he says something in operative, he says, timity, its dangerous talk to women, not because of the women, but because of you. in operative, with distance. not invulnerable.

