morning we begin as selfassured, maybe even selfrighteous parents. we typically think of ourselves in a better light than we really are. we think that we are the law keeping mature, selfless believers. and if you start the day that way, you keep gods law perfectly so you shouldnt expect the people around you to do the same. did you discover the truth? perhaps youre not as good as you thought? well its gracious of god to use our families to expose our hearts to us. and in that exposure, his grace not only reveals who we are, but it frees us from having to deny our sin. if frees us to stop acting like or be something that were not, it frees us to confess our faults to our children. some of you know the story because ive shared it in guardians before, but our family once went on a trip with my side of the family to mount lassen. and during one of those camping days, my mom asked each of our children to come and visit with her, spend time with her in conversation. numbunones to wendy and me, she asked, all three of our older sons, what they liked best about their parents. what do you think they said? and again, no fair if youve heard this example before, they all said that what they liked best was having parents who confessed their sin. i would not have guessed that to be so important, but it is important to our children. thats grace reminds us that as parents, we dont need so much to be rescued from our children. we need to be rescued from ourselves. and your biggest problem as a parent is not your children. its actually you. your children arent to blame for what you do and how you say it, rather the cause of yours and my action is inside of our own hearts. and if we blame our children for our bad attitudes and actions and words, we not only imbiter them, but in blaming them for our struggles, we fail to reach out to them with the help thats available. the very divine power that peter describes in 2 peter 1. theres another way that grace operates in us as parents. grace reminds us that god is progressively freeing us from the presence of sin. and that same sanctification happens with our children also. there are many of you who have been tempted to give up, maybe after nine years of applying gods principles, youre still having to deal with the son who is taking a sisters things. just yesterday you went into his room, opened his dresser drawer to find your daughters toys hidden inside. and after confronting him, he first lied and then realizing that no of the games up, you know where the toys are. he launched into a whole host of selfjustifying excuses that ranged from how he is poorly treated to how a sister gets more privileges and owns better things. well, why couldnt he just say, mom? i took her things because im sinful. i mean, why cant he say that? my sin makes me selfish and covetous. and i need the grace of god to be rescued for myself. in fact, mom, i need a savior. and i know that you need to discipline me. so please, hold on for just a second because i look forward to that. i thank you for that. but first, i need to go to my sister and confess my sin and ask her for forgiveness. wouldnt that be nice? confession, selfunderstanding, selfreflection, repentance, brokenness. thats what we want. but instead, we typically hear answers that reveal a heart that is really, really slow in process. and gods grace reminds us that sanctification is life long. after all, youre still in need of gods grace. even paul reminds us of 1 timothy i that he received mercy. he writes, so that jesus christ might display his perfect patience as an example to those who were to believe in him for eternal life. well, if you break down what paul is saying right there, hes saying that jesus displayed patience.

