and that he dwelt in the midst of a people of unclean lips. unbelief with pious words. no wonder isaiah needed to have a call from off the altar to touch his lips and to take away as a niquity and to purge his sin. dont we need that too? we need to be brought to the cross of jesus with all our unbelief and we need him to sanctify his people wholly. and in the new jerusalem there will be no hypocrites. no one who loves and makes a lie. but then there is also lastly the comfort for the church. there is the comfort for the church. a. has refuses to ask for a sign, but the lord is going to give a sign anyways. in spite of the unbelief of a. has gods purposes shall stand. it confirms what paul will write into timothy 2 verse 13, if we believe not. yet he abided faithful. thats evidence so often. gods purposes shall stand. he will do all his pleasure through all the sin, through all the unbelief of people. after all, god doesnt need the cooperation of man. verse 14, therefore the lord himself shall give you a sign. behold a virgin shall conceive and bear a son and shall call his name emmanuel. and then it may be that there was a fulfillment of this prophecy in the days of a. a. has to a particular degree. that a particular young woman gave birth to a child as verses 15 and 16 seems to suggest. it speaks of a child who would fear the lord, refuse the evil, choose the good. and while this child would still be young, judgment would come upon the king of the northern tribes of israel and the king of syria in about 12 years time. thats how some have said that maybe one of the wives of a. has who had not yet had a child, but after some years gave birth to hezekiah. after all in the life of hezekiah, it would be clear that god is with him. already in his youth, he would know something of the grace of god, something of the comfort of god, something of the presence of god in his life. it could be that there was some kind of fulfillment in those days. but we have to look beyond that. we can be sure of its fulfillment in the birth of the lord jesus that this prophecy was fulfilled, at least. matthew sees it that way under the inspiration of the holy spirit in matthew chapter 1, where we meet joseph in his riddles and questions with his espoused wife, expecting a child, and hes not the father, and then the explanation is this very text, a virgin, would conceive a child and bear a son. and she wouldnt know a man, and the angel said the holy ghost would come upon her, and the power of the highest would overshadow her so that the child born of her would be holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, innocent, so that he could cover as her catagism says in lords day 14, with his innocence and righteousness can cover your and my sins in which we were conceived and born. supprecious prophecy. i dont know if youve ever had it that you say, but why is that prophecy here? its a precious prophecy, but why is it spoken then to such a wicked king? why did the lord not make this prophecy to david? or why not make this prophecy to godly hezekiah? why make this prophecy here? because the church needed it. the church was greatly afflicted. the church was troubled from within and without assaulted from within by such an ungodly king as he has, and assaulted from without the enemy nations that the lord says it, sometimes in the darkest of times. he wants to let you know his promise, and here it is that he manual will save, and a manual will defend you. yes, he manual will save, and he manual will defend. he is a manual god with us.

