luke chapter 10, ill begin reading in verse 38, ill read down to verse 42. now it came to pass as they went that he entered into a certain village and a certain woman named martha received him into our house. she had a sister called mary, which also said that jesus his feet had heard his word. but martha was combered about much serving. and came to him and said, lord, dust down not care that my sister left me to serve alone. bid her therefore that she helped me. and jesus answered, said, lord martha martha, they are careful and troubled about many things. but one thing is needful. mary has chosen that good part which will not be taken away from her. so we want to talk tonight on this topic here dealing with the life ministry of jesus, the believer and his relationship with god. that seems to be the connecting truth through several events and thats how were going to look at these events together. talk about relationship quite a bit because its such a big part of the bible. were going to look at it just from these, these, this, this part of the scripture that we look at tonight. we come here to luke chapter 10, what we find is in this next part were going to be looking at it begins with this event. and this event is jesus spending time with mary and martha. now they have a brother. anyone knows his brothers name? lazarus. hes not mentioned here, but he is his brother. could be there just because hes not mentioned. he doesnt mean hes there. but because the main really the main event is between mary and martha and that what theyre talking about there. but anyways, its the same house mary and martha. many people think, and now this is just what historians and theologians and commentary and type people who write commentaries, whatever theyre in commentators. mainly, i guess so they can keep telling books. they talk about things like this and they think that probably martha, they think was a widowed lady. mary and lazarus may be younger than her. thats how they, they think about it. the scripture doesnt tell us one way or the other. but we know that mary and martha and lazarus all seem to be abiding the same house and their brother and sister. now during this time here in our text, it seems to be a time of, seems like conversations going on. maybe some teaching going on because mary is sitting at her feet, seeing that at jesus feet, seem to be listening what hes saying. so not just conversation, it seems like more than weve been teaching going on. it seems maybe some eating going on because it talks about serving. so something is happening, sometimes a food, sometimes a beverage is going on there. and it seems like in the whole big context, some fellowship going on because hes at their house. it seems like a personal time. now we think about this. ill just give you a map just so we see it in relation to what weve been talking about because prior to this, hes been in jerusalem. he was there for the fisa tabernacles and we looked at that and then looked at, starting last week, how he kind of branched off to what we think about judean countryside. so heres kind of a map of what were looking at tonight. here is jerusalem down here. here is bethany. thats the home of mary, martha, and lazarus. they live in bethany. now between jerusalem and bethany, if you look in the map up there in the corner, youll see with that little arrow is pointed. thats the mount of olives. mount of olives set it was between jerusalem and bethany. so jerusalem, basically, was on one side of, now fear from west virginia, this all makes sense. theres always that thing on that side of the hill and the place on this side of the hill and the hill between you. thats kind of how the mount of olives was. jerusalem was on one side of mount of olives. bethany was on the other side. now ive pointed that out for another reason because well look in a moment where he went away to pray and we think because of the context of whats happening and some of the other texts that we look at that probably he went to this place, he went to the mount of olives, thats the place that were going to look at here when we get to chapter 11. why is there two bethanese? because one is not enough. hows that? youll see in the bible theres another bethany, itll say bethany beyond jordan. thats the jordan river. thats called bethany beyond jordan. why is there a bethany here and a bethany there? did you know that in every state of the union theres a city called salem? interesting. it has nothing to do with the bible study but theres just from reason they wanted more than one bethany and so you have two different bethanese. i dont even have more than that. theres only two that we know of. does that answer your question? were talking about the one important bethany right here on the right beside jerusalem, right like that, right beside jerusalem. all right. so thats what were talking about now. so in this, so theyre in bethany, jesus is in bethany, hes outside of jerusalem and most likely the next parts that we talk about, he will be traveling in through this area which is called korea and this maybe this countryside here of judea, it seems like he takes one more trip kind of a big circular trip to galilee and comes back to jerusalem but doesnt really stay in galilee he was before. most of his ministry now is in this area right from here.

