here. i want to pray over beth and lord i want to ask you to savior and i want you to make one day its so real to her that jesus loves her and i said lord i want you to make it so real that jesus just doesnt love mama and jesus just doesnt love daddy but i want you to help beth to see that jesus loves her and that her heart will be compelled to call up on your name in jesus name. you say thats cruel. thats not cruel. its said because the fact of the matter is this i cant get saved for them. tonight i cant get saved for you. i cant take right now right now. its somebody under the santa mavos you could be sitting there with all kind of turmoil in your soul. see on me on swing today. if you if you validate your salvation by the things you do and the things you dont do you might ought to examine yourself. mavos said over in the book of hebrews chapter 13 verse number five that we are to examine ourselves to see whether were in the household of faith or not. tonight 6,316 people per hour slip off of eternity. 55.3 million people per year. can i tell you something that ought to put a fear in us. let me say this. you three little thoughts and im finished tonight. i believe the lords doing his work. im convinced he is. number one on say this tonight the bible shows us three different classifications of people that will slip off into hell. the bible said you dont have turn around. well give you the first two quickly and then were going to spend a little time on the third one. the first one that the bible teaches us of those people that are going to hell is what the bible said in psalm 14 verse number one the fool has said in his heart. there is no god. they are corrupt. they have done a bombable works. there is none that do with good. number one on say this god deniers are going to hell. now i didnt say that god couldnt save a god denier. amen god save anybody that are repent. notice i said that will repent. yeah yeah you got an evangelist in front of you still believes in repentance. amen. hard to get around that verse except you repent you perish. amen i dont know how this other crowd got around it all these years but they have. amen. amen. are they not the first fruit loop to get in the box? i dont get it. amen. amen. they aint the first person to buy past scripture and come up with a new kind of doctrine. but tonight the fact of the matter is a man who will evidently and adamantly and goes to his grave denying god will slip off into hell. you say why? because you cant accept a savior if you cant accept a creator god. ill also go ahead and say this right here. i dont even believe a man can get saved that doesnt accept the fact that mary was the jesus was the virgin born son of mary. you say why? because theyre denying the deity of christ. you cant get born again denying the deity of christ. you say whats that word deity? thats a big word. that just means god in the flesh. amen. i believe that. i believe that. you say why? because you cant deny truth and get born again. some of your parents know right now youve got kids that are teeter and on a fine line and you wonder if they really know christ as theyre saying because maybe in their life and their actions they deny god. then let me say this secondly bible said in matthew chapter number 12 if youre taking notes you can write this down a little later. bible said this in matthew chapter number 12 verse number 31 verse number 32. it says wherefore i say and you all manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto me and but look at this next statement but the blasphemy against the holy ghost shall not be forgiven unto me. i know im fixing to take you to a place where you probably have not heard of preacher preach from in a very long time and who so ever speak at the word against the son of man it shall be forgiven him but who so ever speak at the against the holy ghost it shall not be forgiven him. neither in this world neither in the world to come. you cant blaspheme the holy ghost and go ahead. you say whats that word blaspheme? im not going to take you to an 1828 nor a webster dictionary im not going to take you to an encyclopedia im going to take you right back to the word of god. in verse number 32 it gives us a display which is a history in psal hvis baptistäker l hierin

