a perpetual memory of themselves, but the lord blots out their name, he blots out their memory, he blots out their life. and this happens to all tyrants. you know, while they live, many are applauded and flattery in korea, they just applauding this guy. but after theyre dead, they and their posterity will eventually be universally hated. they can fool people for a time. theyre unconcerned about what they do to their nations. and i think hes such a great example here. he doesnt care that he may put his entire nation in a grave. he may be the cause of the death of maybe millions in south korea. all because of his own pride, because his desire to create a name for himself is what the tower of babel was all about to make a name for themselves. the line of king did the same thing. prepare for his sons a place of slaughter because of the iniquity of their fathers. they must not arise and inherit the land, and i.v. says, or take possession of the earth. we cant let this continue. god says. and so isaiah concludes with gods words, i will rise up against them. and i will cut off from babylon name and survivors offspring and posterity. i will also make it a possession for the hedgehog or the screech owls in some translations. and swamps of water, i will sweep it with the broom of destruction. declare is the lord of hosts. and the lord destroyed the land of babylon so that no honorable remembrance of it would remain. saddam hussein tried to rebuild it foolishly. and you notice what happened to it. so does the lord speak here of the babylon of the six and seven centuries before christ? or is he speaking of babylon as a symbol of the city of man opposed to god? is the symbol of all the wicked kingdoms of the earth? well, this is an earthly kingdom which stands as an example and symbol of all evil earthly kingdoms, all of which will come to a dreadful end on the day of the lord when christ returns. and what we see here, now that weve spent 45 minutes wallowing in the horrific destiny of this king, now we contrast this with the ruler of chapter 9 verses 6 and 7. because heres the other side. the government will rest on his shoulders. he will be called mighty god. there will be no end to the increase of his government or of peace on the throne of david and over his kingdom to establish it. and i pulled with justice and righteousness from then on and forever more. well, its obvious what path one should choose. and the latter path we find only in christ. and in following him and in trusting in his sinless life and his offering of himself on that cross to pay the price for our sin so we dont have to receive the justice of what our deeds have earned us. the lord, were so grateful and so blessed by your grace, by your mercy. we know that we have been guilty of violating your law in so many ways ourselves. yes, we may compare ourselves to others and think we may be doing okay, but we know in your word were not. we know, lord, that only by the sacrifice of the one righteous man can we enter into your presence. and so, lord, we thank you for christ. we thank you for sending him. we thank you for this word which teaches us and warns us about the fate of those who do not come to him. and lord, we pray that youll impress us truth deep in each one of our hearts and that we will all of us respond rightly. gratitude, worship and obedience by your mercy for your glory. amen. amen.

