let us return to romans 3, romans 3, well pick up reading in verse 10, romans 3, verse 10. as it is written, there is none righteous, no not one. there is none that understand it. there is none that seeketh after god. they are all gone out of the way. they are together become unprofitable. there is none that doeth good, no not one. their throat is an open scepticer, with their tongues they have used to see. the poison of asks is under their lips. whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness. their feet are swift to shed blood. destruction and misery are in their ways. the way of peace have they not known. there is no fear of god before their eyes. well stop reading there. last week we introduced that, the subject of the depravity of man. its a phrase that theologian jews, bible scholars use to describe a certain condition of man apart from the work of god. it is the state of mans lack of righteousness before god. we focused last week on verse 9 where he made a statement that all, both jew and gentile, are under sin. so we said that all mankind has this influence of sin upon them, that he lacks again the righteousness that god requires that. he doesnt consistently and fully love god as he should. god tells us were to love the lord our god with all our heart, our soul and our might. man doesnt do that. he doesnt love his neighbor himself, not consistently not in the way that god has required of us. so were all under sin. now in the particular verses that ive just read, paul is demonstrating this point. hes demonstrating that all are under sin. and i want to point this out again, that mentioned it last week, but just again as a reminder, the focus here in this portion is israel. that is, he is trying to demonstrate to the jews why they are under sin. they think that, hey, were jews. weve got the law. theyre boasting of that. and so paul says, okay, well, you say youve got the law. what does the law say? what do the scriptures, what does the scriptures say about your condition? okay, because theyre thinking that because theyre jews, theyre automatically saved. and so paul is just saying, no, no one is automatically saying everybody is under sin. now, so because that paul is focused upon israel, the portions of scripture that ive just read are not primarily to show the depravity of man, not even to show all of mankind, but its clear from what he does say that that is the case. so it certainly supports the doctrine of the depravity of man. so verses 10 to 18, the verses ive just read, theyre everyone bible quotes. theyre all quotes from the old testament. so for example, verses 10 through 12, that comes from psalms 14, 1 through 3. verse 13 is from psalm 5 and 9, psalm 5 verse 9, and also psalm 140 and verse 3. verse 14 is from psalm 10 verse 7, verses 15 through 17 is from the book of isaiah 59 verses 7 and 8. and then verse 18 is from psalm 36 and 1, which i if im not mistaken, we actually studied that not too long ago just a few weeks ago. so all of these are bible quotes. there are all scriptural references that paul is just strung together to demonstrate that the jews in particular are under sin. now let me just throw this in while were thinking about that, but what paul does for us is he demonstrates how that we are to use the lens of scripture to understand the condition of man. we are to use the lens of scripture to understand the condition of man. we dont go by our feelings. we dont go by our feelings in understanding the condition of man, understanding the way of salvation, understand the nature of god. we dont go by what we think. we go by what we can read. and so thats why its important that we ourselves understand what the scriptures actually say and that we

