something of that complaining virus which we heard this morning was contagious. they were complaining just about the failure to have meat and fruit and other things there in the wilderness. they had no reason at all to complain. moses was different. he was overwhelmed with that burden of the people. and yet underneath it is something of what we saw this morning as well, that losing sight of who god was, losing sight of his goodness, losing sight of his wisdom, losing sight of his presence, losing sight of these things. that sense of discourage and may have been accentuated by the hopeful signs that there were in the previous chapters. it had been some months already since there was a golden calf. since then the tabernacle had been built and the people had willingly offered for the tabernacle and the princes had brought their gifts for the tabernacle and there had been a passover feast shortly before this and the people celebrated that. and so there is these encouraging signs in the midst of the people of israel. it seems as if the lord was at work. and now it all seems to come to nothing. and so that discouragement can sometimes be made by the worst when your hopes have been lifted up about a loved one or about yourself or about the congregation and then their dashed. where it can simply be the prolonged, reoccurring, murmuring and unbelief of the people that wore him down. that constant drip can be enough to wear a person down, even a child of god. and that sense of being overburdened presses out of moses these bad things that betray he had forgotten. as i said already, god, who god was? god had said to moses in exodus 33, thou hast found grace in my sight, and i know thee by name. and now moses feels as if gods favor has left him. but what is more true, what god has said or what moses feels, and yet we see how easily gods people can go by their feelings and their conclusions from the dealings of the lord, go by that rather than by the word of god that comes out of his mouth. he says, god has not shown favor to me. or you think of how in exodus 19, god had said, tell the children of israel, you have seen what i did unto the egyptians and how i bear you on eagles wings and brought you unto myself. god has said, i will dwell among you and be your god. and here is moses, and hes lost sight of it all, and he thinks he has to hold the people of israel in his own arms. you see again how easily gods people can lose sight of god and think they have to journey on that journey alone and do it in their own strength. and a mother or a father can think, i have to raise my children on my own. and then office bearer can think, i have to cover not my own because you lose sight of god. it can be discouraging, it can be overwhelming, it can make you want to give up. does moses give up? it seems as if he does. until we realize he does what we dont read the people who were complaining of this morning, he pours out his complaint to the lord. he lays his need and his confusion and his overwhelmedness before the lord, and moses said unto the lord. and there you see something of the grace of god still here in the heart of moses that directs him unto that very lord whose ways he doesnt understand. and there he points in the right direction. moses doesnt take his own life. moses doesnt run after hobab, who he called in the chapter before to come along with him, and instead hobab may have gone back, we dont know. he stays where he is, and he pours out his complaint before god. is he pointing you in that direction this afternoon, pointing you with all the feelings that you may have and all the pointing you this is the way?

