someone was thinking of someones skewed thinking. and so the idea is hell not suffer you to be tempted above that youre able, you say. god will give you a bill because god is faithful, god is sovereign, god is in control, and the third place hell find a way of escape, not that you may run away from it. hell show you a way of escape. look at the last part. a way of escape, what does it say? that ye may be able to bear it. the way of escape is not getting out of all problems. the way to escape is finding christ in the problem, finding gods strength in the problem, finding truth and finding grace that is greater than all of our need in the problem. this is the idea. so you see this skewed thinking. i mean the lord, hes been reading our mail. of course god doesnt have to read our mail doesnt. he knows our hearts, he knows our minds, and he knows that these are the excuses that people come up with. you know my trials unique. its just too strong for me and theres no way out. god said all three of those things are alive. all three of them was alive. you see you have to think biblically and if youre thinking biblically then you know theres a way of escape. as a birth they give to my wife, our children went together and they purchased tickets for an escape room. i dont know exactly the proper name down in louisville and we met down there head dinner and we went in this room. now when we went in we knew there was a way of escape. it was kind of neat. they had a little digital bomb, obviously a fake bomb and the digit and it was just like in the tv show we went down i think the 52 seconds we had one hour and we have 52 seconds to go before we finally found the way to escape. but heres what im saying we knew that when we went in there was a way to escape. you see what i mean? and biblically we know these things. now look with me back in our text. this deals with knowledge, this deals with truth, this deals with the character of god. god is faithful. in other words we fail, we falter but god doesnt back up on what he is. god is faithful even when were not faithful. god is strong even when we fail. god is true even when we get caught in a lie. god will help us. god is faithful. now look at verse 28 of romans 8 were back in our text and we know that all things work together for good to them that love god to them who are the call according to his purpose. now actually hes making a big assumption there. do we know this? hes assuming the writers know it. now theologically we should know this because god is faithful because god is sovereign because what we preach about this morning god is over all things. god controls all things. theres not one maverick molecule all the universe he is sovereign and not only is he working everything out in your life but hes working your life into the life of others so all things are working together for the good. for youre good and for the glory of god. god is able to gather all things together in christ. now if we know this it helps us to understand. now you look in the life of esther and you look in the life of mordecai some of the choices they made were they really the right choices. was it really the right choice to keep secret that they were jews for a time? was it really the right choice for her to go in into a pagan king? you see and and yet you see these in other words when you read through esther he doesnt give a commentary. he just shows what happened and how god used it. you see and so we have to understand that god is able to use us even when we falter even when we fail. now we can certainly deliver ourselves from a multitude of things by making wise choices and by walking in righteousness but we need to understand this now he says all things this includes your problems and we know that all good things work together for good is that what he says? all nontribbling things work together for good. no he says all things work together for good and that would include our problems. now read the list of some of these problems look at verse 35 and 36 who shall separate us from the love of christ shall tribulation our distress or persecution our famine our neckadness our peril our sword as it is written for thy sake we are killed all the day long we are counted as sheep for the slaughter and so here we see in principle this describes all true believers when he says we

