he and the elders of israel. in this morning we listen to the first 10 verses this afternoon we listen to the verses 10 through 17 and then verses 24 through 29. not focusing on the provision of food and quails but the lords dealings with moses. there is a very good congregation in this morning when i asked you what comes to mind when you think of the israelites in the wilderness you thought of different things, murmuring, complaining, such things. if i ask you this afternoon what comes to mind when you think of moses then what comes to mind? likely those words, different words. moses was a great leader of the people with a great love for the people. thats why he was willing to let go of all the riches and all the prosperity and fame in egypt in order to belong to the people of god. and thats also why. even though when the lord first called him there in the land of midian to be the leader of the people he felt unable to do the work yet, the lord equipped him and the lord enabled him to go and to stand before pharaoh and say, let my people go. and also the lord enabled him to go lead the people out of egypt and to stand there by the red sea and to tell them to see the salvation of god and lead them through the red sea and lead them through the wilderness. he was that great leader who loved the people. he was also that great leader who was a servant of the lord. the lord himself says, i believe its in the next chapter that he was a servant who was faithful in his house, in among the people of israel. richard yet moses was a man of god. he was a man who knew god. hes one who found favor in the sight of god and who could go up into that mountain. god spoke to him so personally. when he came down from the mount his face shone with the glory of god such that he had to cover his face in front of the people, moses was a man of god. moses was also a meek man. he wasnt proud. in chapter 12, there we read in verse 3, moses was very meek above all the men which were upon the face of the earth. he didnt seek his own honor, but gods. moses, a great leader of the people, moses, a servant of god who was faithful. moses, a friend of god, moses, a meek man, moses. when we think of him in this way, then you and i may feel that he towers so above us who of us can say that is my description. here in this passage we see moses on the ground. moses, a broken man, moses overwhelmed. moses overburdened and he cant go on. maybe theres someone this afternoon who says that i can come next to moses. because i fear that to me. and theres a message for you. its a message, grace, for an overburdened one. grace for an overburdened one. three points first, moses complained. secondly, gods spirit and third christs greatness. grace for an overburdened one. moses complained, shows hes overburdened. secondly, gods spirit and thirdly christs greatness shows gods grace for such. you hear moses in verse 11, dont you? and he says it to the lord, wherefore has thou afflicted thy servant? and wherefore have i not found favor in thy sight that thou layest?

