for a womans life and murder them in the hometown that im from, a young lady, a christian, a young lady that had a testimony of knowing the lord jesus christ was abducted on the way to school. the men who abducted her did deplorable, unmentionable things in the pulpit to her and then dismembered her body and scattered her all over the county. and im telling you, you think in the way and ill just go ahead and just give you a little pierciology right here, as far as im concerned when people do those kind of things, i believe theyre demon possessed. amen. you say, well, i dont believe in demon possessions. well, theres probably other parts of the bible you dont believe in either. amen. amen. can i say something about it? listen, if jesus was dealing with demonic possession in his day, do you think its got any better in the day in which we live? absolutely not. but the problem is this, weve got medical doctors. its went and got medical degrees and theyve come up with new names and weve covered it up and weve medicated it up. but the fact of the matter is its still a reality. people are demon possessed that do those kind of things. the deeds of men, what theyre doing, their works, thats what were talking about. but can i say something that is just as violent, just as vain as the abominable and deplorable works of men? can i say something? theres some people that are genuinely doing good works and they think theyre good deeds are going to gain them some kind of merit having. can i say something to not? and i dont mean to discourage you. i dont care whos told you youre a good person and how many people have patted you on the back and said youre a good person and you do good things to people and man and god loves that and all that kind of stuff. can i say something? its good to do good. but it wont take you to heaven. amen. can i say something to not outside of a personal relationship with jesus christ? thats the only way youre going to make it to heaven tonight. outside of a personal relationship with him, can i tell you something? i have people telling me this and i can and i bounce with it and used to bother me a little bit because i could but then i got over that. but the fact of the matter is i remember the day, february 24th, 1985. i remember the town, parsons, tennessee. i remember the place south side baptist church. i remember about the time it was around 11, 13, 11, 15, 11, 30, something like that. the whole thing goes, convicted my heart, showed me i was a sinner. i made my way to an altar, bowed my knee and i called out on the lord to save me and guess what he did. you may not be able to remember a date or a specific time. i always say something. you cant tell me that youve met christ and hes changed you that you dont remember when it happened. so im going to say this, i was there when it happened. i guess i ought to know. amen. i know. i mean, if you cant know a date and you cant know a time and you may even forgot ive heard this, i dont even remember what the preacher preached and all that kind of stuff. i tell you something i know when i met the lord jesus christ as my savior. i dont say something tonight. the fact of the matter is this, you can work yourself to the bones. you can do good. you can money to the church. you can help this brother out and help this sister out and you can be a morally advantageous person. but your morality and your works, itd be better for you just to cut a hand off. amen. the number two, he said this. he said, he said, not just the hand, but number two, look what he said, he said the foot. he said, i foot a thing, they cut it off. not only does the hand speak of the deeds of men, what men are doing, their works, the foot speaks of the direction of men. its where theyre going. its their ways. can i tell you something? ive heard this statement through the years and we have, i want to make a statement right here. and im not falting and im not downgrading and all that kind of stuff. all these, these 10 step programs, 12 step programs, all these programs. but what they do is they push and they push and they push and they push to reformation. heard a fellow one time he said this, he said, preach, i turned over a new leaf. and ill be honest with you, yall know this by now. sometimes my mouth operates before my mind kicks in. and i looked at him and i said, i dont care if you turn the whole tree over. i said, if you dont go christ, youre going to hell. amen. amen. amen. can i say something? well, you know, i preach, i used to have a bad tongue and boy, ive got my tongue under control and man, i used to, my mind used to be a bad place and now i think good things and all that kind of stuff. thats just changing. thats just reformation. you say, but preacher, you say that if a mans in christ, hes a new creature. yeah, thats not you changing. thats him changing you. thats not you changing you. i never will forget i heard this years ago and i went to an older pastor for some advice.

