preach those verses, i know those verses, im comfortable preaching that, but they aint what the lord has for it for tonight. so im fixing to, im fixing to shift to a whole different gear than what ive preached all week long. now what you take your bibles and again i want to ask you keep your bibles open and im going to say this and im not being harsh, im not being mean, im not being crude. if something necessitates that you need to get up and you need to move and you need to maybe go to the restroom or something like that by all means im not telling you to ignore that but i want to say this if it is unnecessary for you to move i would like to ask you not to do that tonight because sometimes the smallest little thing can be a distraction. now ill say something, i know some of you dealing with babies and all that kind of stuff. now listen if a screaming baby messes you up you aint got a whole lot in him. amen. thats the part, at least thats the part of life. thats the part, im not talking about mothers, ten and babies but sometimes i move and gets a little foolish and a little ridiculous and it comes, it comes a distraction. and i dont say this, you never know what gods speaking to the person in front of you or the person behind you and you need to be cautious that whenever the man of god and im telling you this not just for tonight, im telling this, this will be good principle to start applying, come sunday when your pastor walks back in this pool pit because im going to be honest with you, youve seen these last few days how precious each little seed is that god throws our way. amen. amen. and when your pastor prays and he studies and he prepares, he shouldnt have to struggle against a bunch of people thats not paying attention and even distracting others. amen. amen. amen. thats just free. amen. thats just good, thats just good challenge right to our amen. now i aint said nothing wrong, have it. no, not a bit. so dont get all pukered up, dont get mad, amen. get your feelings on, get your feelings real them back in. amen. im just trying to help you. ill be honest with you, it couldnt be god wants to speak something to you. amen. and you dont want to miss that. amen. and with that said, and i dont set there, you know, all those, you know, ten step and afraid to move, im not talking like it. somebody move. im not going to holler at you or anything like it. i just put whats said like this forever person that leaves the building, its just a 10,000 contribution to the church. amen. lets just put it out that way. if you leave, youre committed. im just going to go ahead and commit youre not there. amen. some young people laugh a little bit. you dont got, you dont got nervous. ill tell you mark chapter nine. all right, stand with me for the reading of these few verses. mark chapter number nine. i would say this in all seriousness, if you could help me pray, please help me pray. bible said in verse number 43 of chapter number nine, the bible said, and if i hand a fin the cut it off, its better for the inner and the life maimed than having two hands to go into hell and to the fire that shall never shall be quenched. where theyre warmed, ithnoth, the fires not quenched. and if i foot a fin the cut it off, its better for the inner into, inner halt, into life than having two feet to be. and heres this statement again, cast into hell into the fire that never shall be quenched. where theyre warmed, ithnoth, the fires not quenched. verse 47, and if i ith in the pluck it out, it is better for the to enter into the kingdom of god with one i than having two eyes to be cast. and heres these next two words that we find the third time into hell. fire. where theyre warmed, ithnoth, the fires not quenched. ive just got done reading to you verses 43 down through verses number 48. and we find a synonymous statement that is made three different times. and this is the fact thats made. there are some things that will send you to hell. there are some things that will send you to hell. tonight i want to say this outside of the saving grace of the lord jesus christ in your life. if you were to close your eyes and death, it could be said of you as it was said of the rich man, itll be said of you as well in hell. he lift up his eyes. can i say something were living in a day and everything in a society and dont give

