and youre supposed to apply online. they didnt want to see your face. just apply online. and if they get back to you, they do and whatever. and so my wife, your wife has cancer, and now you lose your job. what do we do when you go through these economic problems? what if you find out that your son is having problems in their marriage? you had no idea. and now the next thing you hear, theyre talking about separating or divorcing. what a blow. you raise them in the word. you raise them teaching them about marriage. and theyre having such difficulties and theyre talking about separating. and its just a knife to your heart. and then sometimes, once again, people in church criticize. far from coming alongside you and helping you, sometimes they criticize us and they judge us for these things that happen. your husband suffers a stroke. can i care for him? will it be paralyzed on the left side? for how long will it recover his movement? can we care for him? the expenses, what do we do? our world is to upside down. and then you find out on top of this, while youre trying to get off the ground. and nobody walks in your shoes. and other people have gone through similar things, but its not the same because their personality is different. their family situation is different. their circumstances are different. its not exactly what you are feeling. nobody is walking in your shoes. and you feel very alone. and on top of this, then you find out that your mother is developing alzheimers. and theyre not going to be able to live alone anymore. and do we have room in the house? and the other brothers and sisters dont seem very willing to come alongside and help here. and can they live with us? they cant live alone. what about the finances? what do we do? how do we care for them? and all of these things are just piling up. hit after help. sometimes we just feel like were on the ground. and before we can get off the ground, another hit comes in. and the waves of life just overwhelms. and sometimes we feel so alone. because although other people have experienced similar things, its not the same for them. their family is helping them. they have a bigger house. they have more finances. what do you do when youre home alone with your youngest daughter in adi kippa perum? and your wife and oldest daughter is overdue from the restaurant. and you know they took a taxi. and you call the restaurant. and they say, no, they left an taxi off the street a long time ago. and then it hits you. they have been kidnapped by this taxi driver. and theyre being held in a garage somewhere. and theyre being robbed. and who knows what else could be happening to them. and your youngest daughter looks at you and says, daddy, what do we do? and theres nothing to do in a city of a million at night with 50,000 yellow taxis. theres nowhere to go. theres nowhere to search. theres nothing to do but pray. praise god that ended well. they were robbed. but they were not molested in any way. and they were dumped out on a street. and we got the phone call coming, pick us up. and nobody else at that point in time had gone through that. what do you do in those moments? what do you do in the ministry? and this has happened to me, even in new church plants, if you can believe it. where people in the church are causing problems. and theyre trying to politic. and theyre trying to impose their will upon this new church plant. and im sorry, theyre being very carnal and selfish. and in mature, they think the church is all about them and what they want. when the church is all about jesus christ, amen? it is not about you. in what color you want the rug and whether you want pews or chairs or whether you want a curtain or whether you want powerpoint or whether you want a drum set or what you want. and so we even had this happen. one family would take other families out to supper and pay for their meal and fill them full of poison against what we were going to decide on in the next church meeting or what the leaders were deciding on. and politics and creating division. and many times.

