we easily say, i live by faith, we easily say it. but we like our bank accounts, we too. we do have only empty vessels and you have ten windows, its a chest. and no one to provide god will provide. yeah. you liar were sent to a redown, you know, i dont know why not. for the book hit at no water, but anymore. the raven didnt come. get stolen from the table of ahead for it. a long time. but now the book ended in no water. now he says go to a widow. go to a widow. he didnt say go to a rich christian there somewhere. he said, now go to a widow. god is wonderful. i liar would have thought, oh, what sent me to a widow. but can a widow mean for me? and there he went in his sword, whats a busy she? ill try it, he says. if the widow can really provide, he says, what are you doing? he said, take him some woods and all boy have an abid of oil and abid of fire. grind it to wheat, ground wheat, and then i made my last. god, lord, add our sending me to widow with nothing. all people of god, all people of god. the abid of god, the abid of god. now he says to mother and he tried to raise his mother, make for me the pancake. and god will provide for you with me to, but first me, first god. when the widow said that you would provide for me, so, bake for me, he says, bake for me. there she went. when she had baked, the pancake, i dont know what he baked. she looked the can into the bottle, and she said, well, hit it. when she looked to the wheat, same. and every time she had to empty the bottle to the bottom, and god provided it again. god provided for you, serving them for the widow together. do you believe it? or do you believe that we have to have ten bags of, in a big basket? no, when i say this, i show my even fleshly desires. trusting in an empty bottle and an empty system. no, thats not it, pastor. no. trusting in god to fill my empty system with my little boil bottle of oil. she trusting god. and god will provide. and old lady, child of god, living out of gods hand, had nothing to cover anymore. but what she did was, she put a plate on the table and a fork and a knife, and was waiting.

