just going to be kind of very transparent tonight. i left the room, didnt know what i was going to preach tonight and had two or three things in mind and just seemed like the more i thought on that, the more my heart was. im disdained from that direction. and even as i listen to the singing, i try to discern. i listen to what the lord orders and what people are singing. and man, weve sung all around with this. still in my heart, i was in a little bit of a turmoil. i believe this would be the direction the lord would have us to go in. i be honest with you, im not grasping at straws. i really have good clarity in my heart now. im going to be honest with you, ive been in this thing long enough that if i didnt feel like the lord wouldnt be the preacher, i just take a seat. my heart is heavy though. ill be honest with you, im going to say this and i know were live streaming and ten years ago we didnt know what live streaming was. they wouldnt live streaming ten years ago. but we are now. so im going to say this, im going to say this and im going to say this as a word of admonition and also a word of warning. ive saw gods power and his presence move in this meeting like ive not saw in a lot of places this year. ill be honest with you, if there were one factor, i would factor into that, i would have to contribute that to gods people being willing to be receptive to the word of god. can i say something the greatest truth in this bible is worthless if we dont choose to live on it? i mean you can know the book from cover to cover but if youre not willing to live by its worthless to you. they might. i mean you know and i use this analogy, its a very obscure analogy but there were through the years where youll understand this, there was a way that people would put a roof on a house and all that kind of stuff. but things have changed and now theyve got these people coming in and theyve got these guns and theyre air guns and they can throw them shingles on and with all that new equipment they do it so much faster than they used to. can i say something with even the modern convenience if they chose not to pick it up and use it, theyre just hurting themselves. amen. i mean they still get the job done, its going to be longer, its going to be harder, its going to be more difficult. and thats the same way with you and i as the people of god if we choose not to listen to the word of god or we choose not to apply the word of god. and im going to say this, im going to say this is kind as i know how but weve got to the point where we live in a day where were selective with what we like to pick and choose and use. we need to adhere to the whole council of god. it was a little weak right there. we need to adhere to the whole council of god. amen. you know im not being ugly but you know john i like john 316, amen i do. i like that verse, i like that verse but i dont say the same bible that contains john 316 is the same bible that contains those verses where it says be you separate thus say the lord. amen. amen. amen. amen and so thats where my struggle is because ive seen what gods done in your midst and can i say this and im not trying to be spooky or nothing like it but with that being said i also know that the devil doesnt like that. and so i know what hell start doing. ive seen him too many times. hes predictable. amen. amen. so hes going to start doing everything he can to try to steal those seeds that have fallen on good ground. amen. amen. you say preachers crazy, hes lost his knees just a little nutty, just a little messed up and all that kind of stuff. but i want to make a statement today you can either choose to listen to what im saying and you better guard yourself. im going to be honest with you. ive struggled really hard about preaching to you. i even mentioned it. i think a little bit last night over i think its luke chapter number 22 where jesus, the lord comes to jesus and said simon, simon, behold satan, thats hard to have you that he may sift you like we. can i be honest with you? amen.

