if somebody dies and goes to hell, it is not because he sent them there. its because you rejected his son. you rejected his son. he said, percharm a good person. ive done some bad things. theres been sometimes my lifes been out of sorts, but im a pretty good person. can i say something tonight if you dont know christ, youre lost. and youre going to hell. can i say something im thankful that god put people in my life that were not afraid to stand in front of me and say, son, youre going to hell. amen. you dont know jesus, youre going to hell. now i appreciate you breaking the grass. now i appreciate you mowing the yard. i appreciate you opening the door for that elderly lady coming out of the grocery store. and i appreciate you going and helping her put her groceries in her vehicle. can i tell you something? if you would have asked anybody about me, can i tell you something? even though we were not in church, my mama, we didnt go to church, but im telling you what, my mama. she whooped my hind end. she taught me and she made me act right. she taught me and she made me be respectful. she taught me what it was to say, yes, maam, and no maam, and yes, sir, and no, sir. if youd ask anybody, theyd say, boy, its a good kid right there. hes a respectful young man. hes an obedient young man. but can i tell you something on february 24th? can i tell you all of my goodness and all of my righteousness was nothing more than filthy rage in the sight of god. in the sight of god. i was my grandmas boy. i was my grandpas boy. i could do no wrong in their eyes, but i was lost. i was lost. and to this day, when we go to bed, some of you have been up probably early this morning. i dont remember exactly what time i rolled out of the bed. i think it was actually this morning, a little before seven, maybe six, thirty or so. i rolled out of the bed. i dont know after church. sometimes it takes me a while to come down off my high. but when my pillow my head tonight in the 24hour period of this day, what is, i dont even know what the date is. what is the date? november 30th. when the 24hour period that is allotted in november 30th is said nine. there will be in all sense reality. and i understand i, no man knows, nobody knows, but im talking about through guestimation, 151,600 people. can i make a statement right here? if you took most churches, it would take years of services for them to ever have 151,000 people. i dont know what you run here, but lets just shoot in the darkness, say 70 people. say, home sunday morning, you have 70 people. well, the next sunday, on sunday morning, you had 70 people. thats 140. we got a long way to go. but yet, according to statistics, that many people today will die. they took their last breath. can i tell you something? im 47 years old. ill be 48 next year. i still, from time to time, i still look at my children, even the oldest one, and the 16 year old too. i still look at him, i say, hey, you know you say it. i still question him. you say, why? because thats a serious thing. i never will forget when my kids got under conviction. and god began to work in their lives, and i, as a parent me and my mom, and me, and their mother knew that god was working on them. we knew they were under conviction, and theyd go to the altar. and man, id just make a baseline right behind them. sometimes theyd come get me, and they would go to the altar. and when id get down, when id see the little trembling lips, and id see the look on their face, and id say, what are we praying about? and theyd stutter and stammer around. i want to pray for poppaal, he said, or i want to pray for nanny, she said, okay. you know what id do? id pray, whatever theyd ask me to pray, thats what i pray. and then right before i got done, and i said lord, what?

