and just beating down and beating down your spouse. number two, our children. god placed and gave us those children to be in a healthy, edifying, pericleting relationship with us parents. john, what does the matter with you? ive explained this math problem to you three times. youre not concentrating. what does the matter with you? you dont think you have to learn to think. and those are cuts on their little souls. cuts. why cant you be like your sister? she keeps her room very neat. ive actually labeled with masking tape all of your drawers and where your clothes go. i come in in two days and this is a disaster. whats the matter with you? are you ever going to mount to anything? cuts in their little souls. cuts, cuts, cuts, cuts. god never called us to be pericletes to our children to beat them down, and abuse them, and insult them. we all make mistakes as parents, right? we need to recognize it as a sin. that anger, that comment, that treatment, its a sin. ask god to forgive us, our spouse, and ask our child to forgive us. and god, thankfully, is bigger than all of that. but that doesnt mean that we have an excuse not to do things properly. our children, grandchildren, breaks your heart, doesnt it? and so we ask their forgiveness, were sinners, were all sinners, we ask their forgiveness. we are to parically, in the whole, we parically, with our elderly parents, how do we help them now in the stage of life? and parents, parically, with their children who graduated from college, in their 25 and their 30, but right now they cant find the job, and they dont know what to do. so we parically, with them, right? its a different world. its a different world. we just have to adjust to it. how would god have us adjust to this new world? now were not talking about laziness or enabling behavior which does not please the lord. you understand what im talking about. and so in the church, god never called you to be a member of this church, to beat down people, to be judge and jury of the church. this is bad, the others bad. i dont like this, i didnt like that. that second song, i didnt like that. it was okay, the trumpet was a little bad, maybe better next time. please, please. god did not call you to be a judge in the church. he called us to be humble, esteeming others more than ourselves, parically, its for the glory of god, amen? no back bite, no murmuring, no criticizing, no judging, no politicking, no dividing, no one posing your will upon the church, no ultimatums, none of that come along side of the pastors and help them. do you know how difficult their task is? dont criticize them, pray for them, come alongside of them, encourage them, help them. pray for one another. their son is talking about divorce. dont beat them down with judging attitudes and spirits. it all well must be you didnt raise them well. they dont need that, they need comfort, they need a parically, they need someone that will encourage them and lift them up and help them and pray with them. they dont need to be beat down by another believer. god never placed you and called you in this church to beat other people down, only for edification, amen? now, you have ideas and suggestions, oh, thats a different story. suggestions, ideas, great. prayin about them, thinking about them, offering them in humility, but not that its all about me and things have got to be done this way. and then finally, we are paracletes with a lost world. did you know that? its called missions. its called evangelism. its called making disciples. its what i do, its what you do with your neighbor. we are called to come alongside of a lost world and love them in tangible ways and take meals to them when the wife has health problems and watch their kids and shovel their sidewalk and come alongside a lost world, people who have not understood how to have an intimate relationship with jesus christ and come alongside of them and share gods love in tangible ways and share his message in many different ways and formats. and call it lifestyle, call it evangelism, call it making disciples, call it missions, call it outreach, but we are called to come alongside a lost world to show them gods love and share his message. in our jerusalem, judea, samaria, into the uttermost parts of the world, acts 18. but the problem is we tend to isolate ourselves. go from home.

