does seek to work us woe? is craft and power are great and armed with cruel eights? have you never met that? you never felt the enmity of satan? never been shaken in your life, feeling the storm of opposition blowing, and its not calm, and its not quiet in your life. theres opposition, outward opposition, like john faced on the isle of patmos sent there because of the enmity of the world, and you wonder how will it go with the church in these times, in the face of outward opposition, and when theres inward opposition, opposition from within. the old man tempting you, satan assaulting you, and faith is weak, and satan yes, he seeks to work us woe, luther said. its tribulation. theres distress. maybe youve had it this very week. youve been tossed with tempests and not comforted. have you ever felt something of this perplexities in your life? troubled on every side. young people, have you ever felt this? troubled because of your sin, troubled by all that is against you. its their sins testify against you, and you wonder, now how can i be saved? trials in the church, but theres also the confidence of the church, our second point. the confidence of the church. where is that confidence? i mean, you see it, dont you, when isaiah 7, theres the shaking of the church. the trembling of the church, will they be destroyed? yes, they are shaken, but god isnt shaken. god isnt trembling. in the midst of the crisis, the worst crisis that you can imagine, god is still on his throne. god jehovah reigns, and thats what isaiah is to tell ahas. god tells isaiah where to meet him. god knows where ahas was. he always knows where we are. and ahas, an unconverted man, cant hide from god. the lord jesus would say it to the church in pergamus, i know thy works, and where thou dwellest. ahas would be inspecting the water supply, as verse 3 shows us. yes, the water supply of jerusalem was vulnerable to attack, and later during hezekiahs reign, this would be a great of great importance to keep a syrian bay. was isaiah afraid to go and meet this wicked king? what do you think boys and girls? here the prophet has to go to meet ahas. was he afraid? or could he have said what john knox years later said when someone to meet wicked queen mary? he said, ive looked into the faces of many angry men, and yet have not been afraid above measure. what do you need to be afraid of when the lord is with you? and you can be as the righteous in proverbs 28 verse 1, the righteous are as bold as a lion, and the wicked flee when no man pursueth. isaiah, its to go to ahas. no, hes not to go alone, he must take his son along, and not just for any reason either, but because of the name of his son, she are jashup, which means a remnant shall return, a remnant shall return, or possibly a remnant shall repent. its what isaiah heard in the last chapter of isaiah in the last chapter just before this one, isaiah 6. the last verses there, isaiah has been told that there will be a great forsaking among the people, but a remnant shall return. a tenth, it shall return. thats how isaiah was to go to ahas and speak, and tell him that the plans of those who were coming against jerusalem will not succeed. god has a way of restraining men and pl

