but you know, the absence from this body is to be present in the heart of god. these folks in this altar, i hope and pray that there is this altar saying god, give me a greater burden. god helped me reach somebody. you see, why i preach it? because the fact of the matter is, its times running out. times running out. and i want to say this, and im not trying to push you. i love the way paul, the bible demonstrates that paul dealt with a gripper. he just very simply, he said a gripper, he said, believe us thou the prophets, he said, i know thou believe us. acts 26. verse 25, paul said, but he said, im not mad, most noble festus, but speak forth the words of truth and soberness. for the king knoweth of these things, before whom i also i speak freely. frime persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him, for this thing was not done in the corner. corner. in verse 27, paul looks to the gripper, he said, the king of gripper, believe us thou the prophets. i know thou believe us. when a gripper said to paul, almost thou persuadest me, the christian, almost. can i tell you, with andy, not only are god deniers going to hell, not only are those who blasphemy, the spirit, the spirit, blasphemy is going to hell, but cross rejections going to hell. a gripper, almost thou persuadest me to be a christian, almost you persuaded me to be crosslife, almost you persuaded me to take this man jesus into my life, like paul like youve taken, almost, almost, almost. there hes somebody tonight could be sitting under the center of my voice, or maybe theyre watching on the internet, and its an almost situation. they dont abuse and keep wrestling with god. can i say something tonight if i can say anything? bring your almost to god tonight. im saying it. its my lifes close folks are in this altar, i asked you a quick question. those of you that are still in the pews, nobody looking pleased, nobody looking. can i ask you a very simple question? those of you that are in the pews, they ever had bowed, ever out close, preacher im here tonight, preacher i know, if i died right now, id slip a new eternity and id know to hell. im here tonight, and ive got a profession, ive got a test of my life, ive got a profession, ive got a testimony, but in my heart im questioning whether i really know christ or not, preacher would you please pray for me. just slip your hand up and pull it right back down, nobodys looking, nobodys looking, nobodys looking. thank you.

