ive met people like that. theyre busy, busy, busy. sometimes in the ministry of a church, and theyre so busy, they dont have a prayer time, they dont have a bible time, they have no walk with the lord, theyre doing, doing, doing, but youre not doing it the way the lord, the lord wants you to do it, its a heart of love and a heart of compassion for this warm, loving heart. now watch this, and if youre that person whos busy serving him, but theres not that, you say, pastor, why dont i do all these things? but i just do it because someone has to do it. well, theres something thats commendable about doing it because you see the need, but theres also should be a heart because you love the lord. and you desire to please him, desire to honor him. and if all you do it is youre doing it out of ritualistic cold service, theres not that warmness, theres not that lovingness, theres not that desire to honor him, please him. youre not serving him the way jesus wants to be served. now watch this, neither are you serving him the way that its a testimony to others. i think some people turned off by the lord by how we serve the lord. theyre like, oh man, it seems like you hate doing what youre doing. it shouldnt be that way. let me show you a couple of verses. psalms 51. were gonna look at this verse. usually we look at this verse this way, were gonna turn around and look at it this way. psalms 51. so well look at the normal way then were gonna flip it and show it to you the other way. psalms 51. look with me in verse 12. now if you know psalm 51, this is the psalm that david wrote after he got right with the lord after the sin of the basheba and the murdering of her husband is such. heres what he says in verse 12, we store in me the joy of thy salvation and uphold me with thy free spirit. so often we preach this, well say this, when you repent, you get rives of lord, then you get your joy back and you get your happiness back. boy, sin robbed you of your joy but when you repent and get right, now you have your joy back. okay, thats how we normally, and thats a true statement. now this is turning us around and look at this way. if you have no joy, what does it say about your christian life? maybe you need to repent. maybe theres some sin in your life. theres something not right because what david was saying is this, when i dealt with my sin, thats when i had joy. so if i have no joy, i gotta say whats going on and i dont have this joy. i should want to serve the lord. i should love to serve the lord. it should be the joy of my life to serve him because theres an, theres an almighty god whos personally involved in my life. that should be the motivation. we should serve god joyfully but im not gonna do it if i have no relationship, if i dont spend time with him. heres what i find when people are just, theyre faithful in church, maybe they teach a sense of class, they do all these things theyre supposed to be doing, but you look at them. when youre thinking, you look miserable. can i tell you whats going on? theyre doing it in the flesh. theres no walking with the lord. theres no time with the lord. theres no prayer. theres no bible reading. theres no loving on the lord. theres no meditation. all they are are just going through the motions and that does not honor the lord nor is it a good testimony for the unsafe or for a fellow believers either. psalms 100. lets look at another verse. psalms 100. look at me in verse 1. were gonna read the entire song, all five verses. ready? psalms 100, start in verse 1. make a joyful noise into the lord all year long. serve the lord with whats the next word? gladness. come before his presence was singing. know you that the lord he is god. it is he that has made us, not we ourselves. we are his people in the sheep of his pasture. notice you still have that kind of a both, you know, hes our god. he has made us. thats kind of the almighty. but yet on the same time were his people in the sheep of his pasture, that personal part as well. enter to his gates with thanksgiving into his courts with praise. be thankful until them bless his name. for the lord is good. his mercy is everlasting and his truth endured to all generation. boy, thats how we ought to serve him. we ought to. yes, we need to be prepared with a sunday school lesson or whatever were doing and what how. theres things we ought to do based on preparation, based on planning, but all of that should be kind of filled with joy and gladness that we get it to for the lord. so its your time to clean the church. we can, now, lets say youre vacuuming the auditorium. you can vacuum the auditorium this way. i hear them, i hear them, i hear them, i hear them. you know what, youre going to get it clean. thank you for that. but you really get nothing out of it. itd be much better to say, boy, thank you lord. we have a place to meet.

