sell them a leaf, pay your bills and live by the rest. fade his things for the world, but even for the people to live by faith hes sometimes hard. isnt it? we have only empty bank accounts. leaving that god can fill it, i know it. i dont know how god fills an empty bank account. they had to study with three children, i said, lord i cant afford it. i have no money. they said, ill make it. i need you to do it. gods people combination, whether they are on the best place, have only empty bottles, empty systems with god fills them. that he might be on the wrong place. not a lot of the things. not a duty, but only receiving. isnt it that god gave you all your things? and did he do it because your paint so well and did so good? did he not write it? that widow could hardly believe it. but god does it and he makes it to believe it. not the other way around. people say today, first to believe it and god does it. no, god does it and makes it to believe it. they have to comfort out of it. fade it not a condition, then its a condition. its a condition. its a comfort out of it. fade it not a condition, phase its a fruit of grace. and thats good and acceptable before god. no, i have passed them. now what does then a true widow thats a type of christ in his inner? she has to be more than 60 years if she is less than 60 years to shoot remarry and have children again and educate them for the church. god sees. yeah, but, actually, when youre 60, youre not fruitful anymore. im not saying it, but the number here is given a 60 years. now whats then the duty of such a widow above 60 years or the widower? to continue his supplication and prayers night and day. those widows are the prayers, bring in the fourth prayer and speak for god like hannah did it. when she prayed that god will fulfill his promises. when we have widows, widows, widows, and 60 years old, they are separated to pray. first supplications. whats a supplication? a supplication is what i desire and know. a supplication is what god wants to give you in the promises, doing whats supplication, bring the promises to god. not your desires, but what god promises. if the promise of god is not leading your prayers, its only selfinterest. sorry. and i did it. he says, more than i said it, then my side would come and i beg thee to show him to me as he has confessed it. i be a children of god, bringing the promises to god for the last revival before he turns, that comes only revival. why is the foolish virgins one who will be see the difference again? then christ returns. thats what i beg thee. the bible says so. so ive said no, it will end.

