so let not your hearts be troubled. dont worry. if you know me, you know the father. if you know me, you know the way because i am the way. jesus is always the way. the way is not found in the circumstances. the way is not found in the circumstances. the circumstances are blown off the map. were on the floor. were trying to get up and another wave comes in. we dont know what to do. the way is not the circumstances. the way is a person. its jesus christ. truly we live by faith. so jesus is sharing with them that i need to go. but i will come back. and meanwhile, i will send a very special hope or to you. go with me to verse 16, john 14, 16. and i will ask the father and he will give you another periclete. sometimes translated comforter. sometimes translated is guide. theres other terms here in the esv. its translated helper. and i believe that this is the best translation. i will send you another helper. what does it mean another? i will send you another helper. that means that they already had one. i will send you a periclete. periclete comes from two greek words. perra and kaleo. perra, which means to come alongside of. the idea of coming alongside someone to aid them, to help them. and kaleat comes from the verb kaleo, which means to be called. so you put this compound world together. periclete, it literally means someone who is called by god to come alongside of another to aid and help them according to their need. there is no one english word that can explain all of that. but i think the closest word is what we have here. its helper. for those of you that have the word comforter, dont be confused. but the greek word does not mean comfort. the greek word is periclete. it means it is someone who is called by god to come alongside of another to aid and help them according to their need, whatever their need is. its to aid them and accompany them and help them. now, yes, many times it is comfort. and sometimes it is exhort. and sometimes its other things. but periclete means that to come alongside of. jesus says, i will give you another one. so that means there already is one. and that is jesus. jesus was their spiritual periclete. he wasnt just their physical leader. he was with them spiritually. and he was with them as their periclete. and now he says, when i go to my father, i will send you another. theres two greek words for another. one means another of a different kind as we have in galatians 1, where it pauses, some people are preaching another gospel, a completely different gospel, which is based on works, not grace, not the work of christ. and that is another gospel. thats false. its the opposite. but this greek word another means another of the same essence of the same type, just like me. so even when i go and you dont fully understand this, i will be with you and i will send you another periclete. will you come up and help me just for a moment? thank you. you dont have to say anything. you dont have to act. theres no lines to memorize. so we have jesus christ. if we repent and embrace jesus christ as our personal lord and savior, he is with us and he is our periclete. he does everything the new testament says is his role as periclete. and thats different from the role of the holy spirit. in the bible says that jesus is our lord, hes our savior, hes our pastor of pastors. he leads us by still waters. he comforts us, he guides us, he teaches us. hes our pastor and he does that in our life. and he says, i will send you another periclete. and that is the holy spirit. in the holy spirit comes into our life and he has another role in our life. the holy spirit seals us, he guides us. he illuminates us so that we can understand the scriptures. he fills us, he gives us power to witness. he gives us spiritual gifts. he produces fruit in us when we walk in him and respond biblically to all of these hits of the life and waves of life and things that happen to us when we respond biblies.

