total coverage there isnt one square foot of the sea not covered with water. thats total. perfect government. how many are ready for one? unbelievable. yes, real. regenerated, saved, functioning, under god, not glorified, yet except for those who had previously died, you understand? it will be resurrected. and ruled over the world with the church, probably mostly invisibly, under christ, and maybe occasionally appearing on earth with christ at the feast of tabernacles, especially this speculation here. because remember, friends that before the second coming, those who rule the world and govern the nations are all invisible now, theyre angels, and well replace angels. something to think about. you see, the earth government program, an instructional program, evangelism program is all under visible, israelites who have mortal bodies and will still have sinnatures. and god wont eliminate their priority and their function, their unique essential function on earth by having glorified saints coming in and interfering and taking over from what theyre doing all the time. thats a very, very perplexing issue you see. even today, god will not allow an angel ever to do what you and i have to do, and as to evangelize people. very interesting. god has distinct functions, doesnt he? now, whats going to happen to the holy land geologically, geographically, topographically, verse 10? all the land should be turned as a plain. itll be flat and smooth from geba to rimon, south of jerusalem, and it shall also be, number two, lifted up, and thirdly, inhabited in her place. i mean, the whole land of israel that is desolate, wilderness will be teeming with people. it will be lifted up, including the dead sea, by the way, which will have to rise 1300 feet, and the land will be flattened so that people can have easy access. remember, isaiah 35 says that there will be a highway that god will provide, which will not be threatened by a wild beast at all, and itll be an easy access for world worshippers to come there. and this is a real literal city, isnt it? notice, from benjamins gate to the place of the first gate under the corner gate and from the tower of han and ale to the kings wine presses. thats a little bit particular. i mean, this is some vague vision of some kind, friends, of a neverneverland. verse 11, and men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter destruction. cant end curse, but jerusalem shall be safely inhabited. even at the end of the millennium, this is amazing to me, when god for special purposes must release satan for a brief season to deceive the nations, because by then billions of people will have been born in the millennium, yes, in the early phases of it from bornagain parents, but not one bornagain parent in history has ever had a sinless baby, except mary. all babies in the millennium will be born with a sin nature, and they will each have to make an individual personal choice of christ the savior or the satan that is not temporarily, momentarily available, but you can just imagine their prayer, cant you, as the centuries develop, and the vast majority of people are unbelievers by the end of the kingdom age. thats the way every dispensation has developed. you start after the flood with everybody saved, eight people. by the time of the tower of babel, you have to look with the microscope to find who the saints are. so it will be friends, and you can just almost hear their prayer. our father who art in hell, how it would be thy name? thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in the abyss, in shiohades. god will give them their heart desire and bring leanness to their soul as satan emerges again, having learned nothing. he has not been sanctified, folks, by a thousand years in that horrible pit. and he will go forth and deceive all the nations, like the sand of the sea from altitude, thats a lot of people. and he will lead them, you see, like god from may god, to encompass the saints. in jerusalem, they will not touch the saints. there will be no battle. its a godmade, god thing. theyll be devoured by fire from heaven.

