of the house of the lord was laid. they shouted. now, theres balance in this. it wasnt just wildfire, okay? there was singing by course and all that kind of thing. and then all of a sudden some hallelujahs break out, some amends break out, praise the lord breaks out. and sometimes some people are more verbal, some people are more visual. someone said this, when god squeezes your heart, sometimes the juice runs out your eyes. and youre not crying because youre sad, youre crying because youre glad. but different people express differently. and everyone didnt have to shout, but ill tell you, because of calvary, we have a reason to be excited. and because of the purchase redemption that jesus christ gives to us, we have that reason to be joyous, colossian 3.23 says, and whatsoever you do, do it hardly as in the lord and not in demand. psalm 32 11 says this, be glad in the lord and rejoice, erighteous and shout for joy, all ye that are upright in heart. i dont like that preacher. he shouts sometimes, hey listen, you havent heard shouting, hey man, thats shouting. its okay, its all right, praise the lord, for he is good, for his mercy and do it forever. psalm 132 verse 9, let thy priests be clothed with righteousness and let thy saints shout for joy, all in balance, all under the control of the lord. now notice something, they were bringing glory to what god had done. they were not bringing glory to what they had done, even though god had used them to do what they were rejoicing and praising god for. please understand, i dont believe theres anybody in our church that come sunday, december to the 17th. i dont think theres anybody in our church that will say, what god, i know youre so glad and so proud of me. i put in 14 of those posts out there because of that, 495 people got saved. i put in 14 posts. lord, i made 72 dozen cookies. i think everyones going to say, thank you lord for your blessing. thank you god for using your people. thank you god for anointing, the message and for souls being saved. you did it. it was your work. thats what they did. they gave the praise to the lord. someone said theres no limit to what you can do if you do not care who gets the glory for it. so thats a great example for us. we see the work delegated, the work dedicated and last, we see the work debated. oh, anytime that god does something theres going to be nigh nigh nigh nigh nigh nigh. its a human thing, you know, and listen, somebody told me a long time ago that if a pastor cant stand the smell of sheep, he just ought to get out of the pastorate because we all we like sheep have gone astray and guess what sheep stink. we all do. im number one. okay. we all have failures. we all have misgivings. we all have, areas we fall short. every last one of us. and so heres what heres what happened. look, please, at verse number 12. but many of the priests and levites and chief of the fathers who were ancient men that had seen the first house when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes wept with a loud voice. do you see that there? now this first, this first temple, this first house had been destroyed 50 years, as i mentioned, and the old men, if they were 60 plus years old, then they had seen what it was like before. now the size did not change a whole lot because its pretty much on the same foundational area. okay. size didnt change a whole lot. but you see this

