problems, but there can also be other problems. and sometimes the first the lord addresses those other problems before he comes to the spiritual problem. you think of elijah? there he was on mount carmel. jezebel said he would kill, she would kill him. he runs away and he runs and he runs and he runs and he sinks down exhausted under that bush. and he wants to die. what does a lord do? he sends that angel with some food and some drink and tells him to eat and drink. and then go on his way. he doesnt address that spiritual problem, but he deals with that other problem of being exhausted. reverend ari also, the father of reverend bartelsell, he wrote a book, a helping hand for those who are depressed. and he himself had gone through depression. he knew what it was. and he uses that passage to show that when someone is depressed, sometimes the first thing they need is help for the body and for the mind. rest, medication, other things before that spiritual problem can also be addressed. its also here moses feels overburdened and the lord provides him with help in his work. thats why if theres someone who feels overburdened, then yes, you need the grace of god in your heart. but maybe you also need help in your daily life. maybe as a selfemployed person you need other people. so you dont burn yourself out. maybe as a mother you need other help in the home or arrangements with the children that work is done. maybe that calling is go seek help. the second thing we see is that god involves moses in selecting the seventy men. god doesnt set moses aside because moses feels he cannot do anything anymore. god gives him a commission. go select seventy men. when we are overburdened we may tend to think i cant do anything anymore and sink down, exhausted. but god says to moses, moses, i give you one task. dont worry about anything else. one task. go select the seventy men. when youre overwhelmed, do only think what is the next task to do. that is what god is calling me to do. but the most beautiful thing about this response is you see the gentle way in which god reminds moses of what he has lost side of. for seventy, i will take of the spirit which is upon thee and will put it upon them and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee. do you hear it? the spirit. gods spirit. he is reminding moses, moses, you are not alone. i have given you my holy spirit. remember that. you thought you had to do it all in your own strength and your strength was too weak for the responsibility you had but you have forgotten my spirit. whereby my strength is made perfect in weakness. whereby my grace is sufficient. i will equip them with the same grace i give to equip you. you of yourself cant do it. those seventy of themselves cannot do it. i give my holy spirit as a spirit of strength to the helpless, to the weak, as a spirit of wisdom and understanding to the foolish and to the ignorant, as a spirit of grace to those who have themselves are only sin and corruption. the spirit of supply to those who are empty of themselves, my spirit upon you, moses, and upon these seventy will enable you to minister. maybe thats a message that the consistory needs to hear. maybe thats a message that the ones whose names were announced this morning need to hear as ones who were nominated for office of elder or deacon. and maybe you sit and you think of that task and you think i cannot do it.

