of the king, the lord of hosts, even upon them, shall be no ring. theyll be cursed. its not like the church age, correct? friends of isaiah said, chapter 60, verse 12, for the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish. ye those nations shall be utterly wasted. now watch what happens. heres my speculation. after hundreds of years of going to jerusalem, every fall to worship the king, some nations, at least theoretically, will begin to say, look, were tired of this. now lets have some variety here. lets go somewhere else, or lets skip this year or something. and god will have a special way to communicate with him. they will then get the message and show up in jerusalem. they say, well, wheres the grace of god? the grace of god is youre even in the kingdom. and youre in that program, youll do his will or else. remember, revelation says it, he will rule the world with a rot, a rot of iron. see, doesnt mean people are saved by works. it means that the program will be enforced physically. and anyone who steps out of line will drop dead. thats isaiah 65, as weve seen. this is a very different kind of system than we are familiar with in the church age. dont underestimate the differences. now by that time, i suspect itll be like it was in psalm 137. when the jews were first deported, the babylonians tried to intimidate them, you know, to degrade them. you know, sing us one of the songs of zion. we will never prostitute the things of god for cheap entertainment if our tongue ever sings that kind of song or our hand ever plays accompanying music for that kind of songs. may god curse us. if jerusalem is not our first joy. but by the end of the babylonian captivity, the vast majority of jews couldnt care less about going back, you know that? so itll be folks, lets face it, human nature never changes. theyll say, were sick of this. were not going up. well, you say, no, wait a minute, no rain. well, wonder if youre an egyptian where there isnt any rain anyhow. oh, god thought of that too. next verse. and if the family of egypt go not up and come not, that have no rain. there should be in a plague where with the lord will smite the heathen that come not to keep the feast of tabernacles. this shall be the punishment of egypt and the punishment of all nations that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles. oh, i wonder if egypt has ever remembered something like plagues. presumably that will communicate effectively. they keep showing up just like isaiah 19 says they will. oh, friends, god has a perfectly tailored program of indoctrination and structure for every individual in every nation in the world exactly from where they are, their background, their perspectives. you know, in the first 40 years of the millennium egyptians will not be allowed to be in egypt. theyll be reenacting the exile they forced israel into. this is ezekiel 29. theyll be saved. yes, but theyll be chastened and reminded that in the kingdom of aids, theyll be the least of nations, not number one. theyll be subservient to the jews, regenerated jews in the kingdom. talk about regenerated jews. look at these last two verses. in that day there should be upon the bells of the horses. holiness under the lord. and the pots in the lords house should be like the bowls before the altar. ye every pot in jerusalem and in judea. in judah should be holiness under the lord of hosts. and all they that sacrifice shall come and take of them and see their boil therein. and in that day there shall no more be a king night in the house of the lord of hosts. there will be legitimate kosher god instituted, reinstituted sacrifices as ezekiel spells out in other prophets too. and it will be, indeed, like god said in exodus 196, a kingdom of priests. and all of jerusalem will just be vibrating with the holiness and the presence and the endorsement of the triumphant god as the place of public, international, global, legitimate worship. a standing, just like on the high priests golden headband. holiness under the lord. weve been blessed to bring you this extensive series. zachariah the lord remembers here on encounter gods truth. weve delivered it to you in five parts over several years and there...

