who can look out over a universe, can also look right into your own apartment or house, and know youre exactly that mean. i think it just speaks volumes about the lord. so it should amaze us, its an almighty god, its such a personal concern for us. now if thats thought in mind, now leads us into our bible study tonight, this personal concern was shown in jesus ministry and was a big part of his teaching. were gonna build on that when we get to the conclusion of our bible study, so i dont wanna go too much further in it, i wanna give you four things that helps us understand some things jesus is teaching about relationship, this personal relationship with us, and then were gonna build back on what we just talked about. now four things i wanna share with you, if you go back with me to luke chapter 10, and look at the in verse 41. now because of the amount of scripture were covering, were not gonna read every verse, im just telling you, im starting in chapter 10 verse 38, and im working all the way down to verse 36 of chapter 11. those are the, im coming all these verses, but im gonna just highlight certain verses and certain sections, and ill let you go back and restudy and read for yourself all the other verses in between. all right, heres number one. so im gonna give you four things, and i think in each of these four events, im gonna give you a lesson that really, i think helps us to look at the concept of this god who can speak a universal existence, but have a desire to have this personal relationship with us. all right, heres number one. we will not serve god joyfully if we dont spend time at jesus feet. what do you mean by that? well, go with me. chapter 10, look at verse 41. jesus answering center of martha and martha, they are careful and trouble about many things. shes not serving joyfully. shes complaining. shes whining. shes not happy. but one thing is needful, and mary had chosen that good part, which i would not be taking away from. its not wrong what martha is doing, whats wrong is, shes not doing it with really the right heart. so we think about relationship, we think about this personal relationship with the lord. the first thing he talks about is this idea of service. so our relationship has to influence, has to control, has to be really the motivator, and theres a word i want, the controller, thats not the word, but the controller of our service. you ever find people who they go to church, and theyre almost like theyre mad about going to church? like yeah, i got to church. yeah, im not such a such church. i dont know how to hold time. youre like, im sorry, im sorry. you hate going to church, but you go there all the time. you ought to try a different church, unless you go here and then thats not the answer. okay, so we will not serve god joyfully if we dont spend time at jesus feet. think about this, ritualistic cold service is not what the lord seeks. hes not looking for people who just go through it. if you remove relationship from service, that service is not honoring or pleasing to the lord. so even in our day to day service, we have the lord, the lord wants this personal relationship. hes not just a god who looks out upon billions of stars that is part of him, but he also sees us and he wants this relationship with us, even in our personal service that we have with him. so the lord wants us to serve him, okay, as we serve him with a heart that is warm and loving. you know, there should be, i understand. maybe not every time you do something for the lord that youre always feeling fuzzy about it and warm and all of those things, but when youre not feeling that way, it should be the exception. i mean, when youre like, man, im excited about serving him. man, i only feel that way, maybe once or twice a year. thats a problem. maybe sometimes, okay, if you wake up sunday morning, like really, i dont really wanna go to church, you ought to go anyway. but if thats every sunday morning you feel that way, thats problematic. thered be some sundays were just human. we have our ups and downs, but it should be every sunday. in fact, those should be the unusual days. so our normal service with the lord should be this warm and loving because thats a part of our relationship with them. let me give you this statement. though, now this is not for you to fill out, just listen carefully, because its kinda lengthy. those who are so busy for jesus, that they have no time for jesus, will not serve jesus like jesus wants. ill say it again. those who are so busy for jesus, they have no time for jesus, will not serve jesus like jesus wants. you remember?

