the foundation. you have to understand that they were celebrating the work being dedicated, but they didnt have the temple. all they had was simply the foundation. thats all they had in place. but they were moving forward. i love to see a project completed. if you depend on the, i hope to do it. i want to do it. im going to do it very few times. those group of people do anything. jesus said these words in luke 9 verse 62, no man having put his hand in the plow, and looking back is fit for the kingdom of god. when i came forward to dedicate my life to the lord as a, i was probably in seventh grade in cleveland baptist church. the youth pastor is in his roger. he turned in his bible and he turned to that verse, luke 9 62. he said, mark, he said, whatever you do, just keep moving forward for the lord jesus christ. dont turn back, dont quit, dont turn away. many times ive remembered that verse. no man having put his hand in the plow, and looking back is fit for the kingdom of god. just from a practical standpoint, if you look back, youre going to have crooked fur as arent you? just from a practical standpoint. but we need to keep our eyes focused forward. we see the setting, look at verse 10 in the middle of the verse, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets and the levites, the sons of asaph of symbols, to praise the lord after the ordinance of david king of israel. the priests, theyre in their official garments. they got their robes on. now, sometimes we wear our choir robes, you know, up here, special days, special events and things. some churches wear choir robes every sunday. we kind of save them for big celebrations and easter and different special times, special days and things. and well, they were in their official garments. they had trumpets, they had symbols, they praise, breaks out. this is the setting. and we see the singers. look at verse 11. the bible says, and they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the lord because he is good for his mercy and endure forever toward israel. the courses of the singers. now, this is all done decently and in order. it was a big celebration. it was a big time. they were dedicating the temple. the foundation was laid. they were looking forward to what was in store. and this is 70 years. this is, theyve been, theyve been in captivity. the temple has been destroyed for 50 years. 50 years, the temple has been destroyed. first corinthians 14 verse 40 says, let all things be done decently and in order. as far as this understanding of the course, we believe that they were singing psalm 126, and 136. turn your bible, flip over there to psalm 136 with me for a moment. this, of course, book of psalms is their song book. so as brittle lyle got up and he said, turn your hymn books to page 74 or whatever you know. and we all sing together. well, this is what they would do. they would sing for the book of psalms. and look at chapter 136. oh, give thanks unto the lord for he is good for his mercy and do it forever. lets do a few verses the way that they would have done it in course. what ill do, ill read the first statement and then you read aloud for his mercy and do it forever. okay? here we go. oh, give thanks unto the lord for he is good. oh, give thanks unto the god of gods. oh, give thanks to the lord of lords to him alone. do with great wonders to him that by wisdom made the heavens. and so on so forth. okay? now they would they would sing. i dont know what the tune was, but they would sing this. and so you have some singers over here and some singers over here. its kind of an antifinal thing going on. and so theyre singing the word of god. and right here from psalm 136. and then the shouting breaks out. look at verse number 11, middle diverse. and all the people shouted with a great shout when they praise the lord because the foundation

