amen. our soon coming king. thank you so very much. some of you were around when the foundation was laid, this platform, this floor here for this auditorium. when that was being poured, that was an amazing day. and all the concrete trucks that were lined up down the street, you know, and one after another bringing in the concrete. and when they got this finish, it was one big skating rink, you know, one big, one big, how many of you remember that day? remember that, okay. and thats before any of the steel got put up on it and things. and then the steel got put up and we had our sunrise service, that easter sunday. yall remember that? and it was freezing cold. and there was a strong breeze blowing. and the orchestra, they were up here on the platform. choir was up here on the platform. and the smart ones were out here on chairs in blankets. they had quilts and all kinds of things. and george and all the rest of them, they were concerned that their lips were going to freeze to the mouthpiece of their instrument and things. it was cold now. it was just, it was something. but as we, as we looked at that foundation, we could just imagine in our minds eye what was going to take place and the building that was going to, that was going to be erected and all the blessings that, and it brought us a time of excitement. and here in this passage in ezra chapter three, where we left off, they had ordered the parts and supplies, the construction elements and all that kind of thing. in verse seven, we find that they ordered this and months have passed. and in verse number eight, we see, we see through the rest of this chapter, this thought of rebuilding the foundation, the foundation of the temple. now let me ask you a question. if you knew in your neighborhood, someone had eluded the police, but he was a murderer, and he had killed people in your neighborhood, and he was loose in the neighborhood. and they did not know who he was, but he was in your region. what would be your first response? would your first response be, maybe to make sure that you have a gun or buy a gun, maybe install an alarm, maybe get a dog, i dont know, im not talking about a little poodle now. or would your first response be to read your bible and pray and tithe? say, well thats a crazy question, pastor. why would you ask? its a crazy question. because you have to understand the children of israel that had come back under cyruss provision fulfilling the promise of god that they came back to rebuild the temple, to bring the sacrifices back, to give unto the lord and to worship him instead of building the walls first. and by the way, this took years. this took about four years to rebuild the temple. it took solomon seven years to build the temple. it took them four years, and it wasnt as extravagant, of course, were going to see that in a few moments. but four years to build the temple. we find the book of nehemiah, it took how long to rebuild the walls, someone tell me. fifty, what? 52 days for the people had a mind to work, the bible says. they planned the work, they worked their plan, and 52 days they had the wall around jerusalem. now the wall was for protection. the wall was for a political thing for safety and all of this. it gave the identity as a nation, as a people. this is their capital. but when they came back, the first thing they did was to reestablish worship. even in the face, of fear or threat or whatever. interesting. interesting. the bible tells us that god says, for my ways are not your ways, neither are my thoughts, your thoughts. for as the heavens are higher than the earth. so are my thoughts higher than your thoughts and my ways than your ways. there is a way which seems to be right unto a man, but the end there are the ways of death. so in this passage here, i just want to emphasize to you and remind you that heres a group people.

