we are led as a sheep to the slaughter. he means that all true believers are lambs before god. and in this world we are among wolves and it is as though we are led to the slaughter. people are going to mock you. theyre going to make fun of you. theyre going to take advantage of you because youre a child of god. and then there are trials that come upon us in general, such as we find in the book of job, behind the scenes. because of satans hatred for god, he brought things in the life of job. and so even ordinary things such as sickness and what happens to our children in different things can be a trial and we dont understand whats going on behind the scenes but it all has a spiritual impact. the bible says, speaking of the children of god, flip over there, well just read it together. look at verse 15, chapter 15 of the, are actually 14. as we look at chapter 14, verse 7, romans, im still in romans 14, 7, 14, 7. look at this. in romans 14, 7, for none of us live it to himself and no man die it to himself. for whether we live, we live unto the lord, whether we die, we die unto the lord. whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the lord. now, as ive often taught this, he is not saying this is not an excitation. he is not giving you an excitation to not be selfish. what he is saying is that your life is now lived unto the lord. you are the lord, youre in his kingdom, you bear his name, you have his spirit, youre in his house, youre the people of god, everything you do is unto the lord. so nowhere can you go except from this perspective and the kingdom of darkness knows who you are. so everything we do is unto the lord. people around us, everything we do is unto the lord. what we do is unto the lord. were living unto the lord. the whole of our life is changed perspective because everything we do, even if youre a mother and youre washing the dishes, its unto the lord. even if youre punching a time clock at a place of employment, its unto the lord. all that we do is unto the lord. you see its for his glory and for his honor. and so we need to know these things. now look with me back in romans 8, romans 8, i want you to see verse 37, verse 37 of romans 8, nay in all these things, we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. i love the consistency of the bible. i love the truth of the bible. remember we just read in 1 corinthians 13 that god will show you a way of escape that you may be able to bear it. not a way of escape that you may be able to run away from it. in other words, problems many times we stay in the thick of it, but gods strength in us, god gives us wisdom, he gives us understanding. look at it here, nay in all these things. what are the in all the things that hes talking about? its in verse 35, the tribulation, the distress, the persecution, the famine, the neckotness, the peril, the sword. in all these things, in other words, this is consistent with 1 corinthians 10, 13. in the problems, we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. now i like that. our victory is not just a future victory. our victory is not just because ultimately were going to go to heaven and were going to be glorified. we are saying presently right in the midst of a trial we can become a conqueror. now that says something else. its not just that we make it through. thats not the idea. its not just that were in a trial and we hold up in the trial. the bible teaches that we glory in tribulation. in other words, we magnify god in tribulation. we are more than conquerors. we just dont go through something. the world can go through things. we can find victory in it. we can find rejoicing in it. thats what romans 5 says. look at romans 5. look at verse 2 of romans 5, by whom also we have access by faith into this grace where and we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of god. now thats future. thats future, say. not only so, but we glory in tribulations. thats present. also knowing that tribulation work with patience and patience, experience and hope and hope make it not a shame because the love of god is shed abroad in our hearts by the holy ghost which is given unto us. now what he is saying is we have the hope of future glory and that is a great hope. what he is saying also when you are in tribulation, we have the witness of the holy spirit in our heart.

