gods word is true from the beginning to the end, and weve come to the end of our review of the book of zachariah on this edition of encounter gods truth. im your host wayne shepard encouraging you to stay with us for the bible teaching ministry of theologian dr. john whitcombe. we call this series from the minor prophets, zachariah the lord remembers. dr. whitcombe has covered every verse of this great book which is left untouched by so many people. and now weve spent much of this year going over the highlights of the book also adding some new material here in part five. if youve missed any part of this extended series, you can listen to all of the programs anytime at sermonaudio.com slash whitcombe. but right now, you want to focus on the content of this important message is dr. whitcombe deals with the closing verses of zachariah 14, the end of this book that weve come to know and love through our time in it. our text today deals with the issue of how the gentile nations will interact with christ and the nation of israel during the coming one thousand year reign of jesus as lord and king over all the earth. you may be surprised that some of the ideas contained in this passage as well as what we learned about their application to us today. so now for the closing session from the book of zachariah, heres dr. john whitcombe describing how the lord shall be king. theres one god and progressively god begins to unveil with little hints and inferences and he also the old testament. theres more than one person thats god. hell find in the new testament. even that veil is completely removed and now we know that he exists. he currently has three persons in one godhead. this is enormously emphasized throughout the bible from genesis to revelation. why? because of the propensity of the depraved mind under demonic influence to multiply gods. theres a god of day, a god of night, a god of good, a god of evil, a god of this and that and the other and the lord ended that idea when he said through isaiah in chapter 45 verse 7, i am he that creates the light and create the darkness. im the one who creates calamity and creates the good. i am the one who does it all. really? you mean youre totally sovereign. well then where do all the bad things come from that happen? god says, and this is risky to our thinking, isnt it? he says, im the one who does everything. thank you. wow. how can that be? well then how does sin come into the world? friends will never solve this theological antinomy. god programmed it but god didnt do it. my. both are true. that wasnt taken by surprise. no one did an inrun around him including satan. satan in fact in the first book god ever wrote, first chapter of the first book, thats job, is depicted as an infinite decimal puppet pulled by invisible strings in the third heaven and satan has no independent sovereignty whatsoever. and he ends up in a new testament, confined to the bottomless pit and god has total control of him and his whole vast wicked army. see why does god let him do all these things? i dont know. and you dont know. but god says in isaiah 45, there is no god else beside me, a just god and a savior. there is none beside me. look to me. see, theres nobody else to look to. and be saved. theres nobody else who can save us. all the ends of the earth are i am god and there is none else. and the lord jesus could endorse that and say thats right. there is no god other than my father and me and the holy spirit, the comptor, period. so friends, every book of the bible is in total harmony with every other book on this issue and its absolutely vital. notice the one who will transform the world at the second coming of gods beloved son. and whats he going to do with this world? it is beyond our comprehension, the vast changes it will take place, all animals will immediately become harmless, including snakes. i dont know about mosquitoes, but sorry to imagine friendly mosquitoes, especially in florida. can be alligators? friends, there will be perfect education. evolutionism will become vastly universally conspicuous for its absence. the knowledge of the lord will cover the earth as the waters cover the sea and close inspection confirms that...

