bring it to god. bring it to him. bring everything to him. tell him everything that is in your heart. tell him all the questions that are in their heart, your heart, and maybe even as you put those questions into words, you realize how wrong they are and how sinful they are and you have to bring them before the lord as a confession of sin, but bring them to the lord nonetheless. how will god respond? we see that in our second point. grace for an overburdened one comes with gods spirit. the first striking thing is that god does respond. does moses deserve that? is moses disurface response? when he speaks to the lord in this way, its not full of faith, its not full of trust, its not full of submission, its not full of patience and contentment. he doesnt deserve an answer. we never deserve an answer. even our best prayers are stained with sin. how much more when were so in the wrong frame and in the wrong place spiritually? and yet god answers what grace is and that grace is shown all the more in what the lord says, we would expect that the lord would come and he would rebuke moses and say, moses, youre not in the right place. moses, youve forgotten. moses, thats wrong. but he doesnt rebuke. he also doesnt discharge him and say, then i will find another leader. and steady provides for him. in the same chapter when those people complained, then the lord is very angry and he sends a fire upon them and he hears moses and he pours out his, hes overwhelmed and he pours out his heart and the response is not the anger of god but rather the provision of god. why is that? is that two different standards as a lord not consistent or yes, yes? but the lord is showing like as a father pitieth his children, so the lord pitieth them that fear him. for he know with our frame, he remembers that we are dust. the lord is showing his tender care for his child whos overwhelmed and it is very tenderness, his compassion that brings moses to the right place again. sometimes the lord uses rebuke, sometimes the lord uses his tender compassion to bring to the right place. the first thing the lord addresses is moses workload. his sense of being alone in the work and he calls in verse 16, gather unto me 70 men of the elders of israel. moses, if the workload is too great, then i commission you to find 70 others who may surround you and may be of help to you in the governing of this people. moses is to select them. ones he knows to be elders, ones who are respected, ones who have experienced, ones who have received wisdom from god, ones who are officers over the people, literally writers, ones who have administrative abilities and so ones who have grace and ones who have gifts, who will be gathered around. and he says, bring them to the tabernacle of the congregation. what then? says, i will come down and i will talk with thee there and i will take of the spirit which is upon thee and i will put it upon them and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee that thou bear it not thyself alone. and as we see this provision of the lord, we see several things. we see first of all gods care for the whole life and being of his people. if you feel overburdened and overwhelmed and stressed in life and when those things lead you to conclude that god is against you and has forgotten you, then there are spiritual problems.

