you call that common grace, fallen from faith, this ball, temporary faith. they are not truly waiting for us. but seeking again the places of the world, like it man and mind, like it, be like by man again. jabhat, if you are under the sixtyone, then he says, you have to remain, thats true to you right. before you burn. jesus, that was he, that was spiritually, that. tell them that true way those should be blameless. the things given charge that they may be blameless. listen, my dear friend, listen. isnt it your desire to be blameless? why i say this because antinomian say, i am blameless and i cant help it and have an excuse and i am even worldly and so i love the pleasures of the world and i cant help it and be a spiritually to read that. and i am not saying, a child of god is always spiritual, vivid. i am not saying it. but now i go to the deep of your heart, whats your longing to be pleasing your god, what it might be. thats what god gives you, love. he says, but there are windows, and the two windows, there are two windows, who can provide for themselves. ive said it before with that window of eliza. when he provides not for his own, then he speaks to the congregation, but when the window be taken into the number which god provides for in the congregation, now theres a deconess with the worshipping windows where on the account living of the congregation god provides for the congregation. in the early ages of christianity, the church consisted mostly of poor, not wise, not rich. if you read the first ages of christianity, they were mostly slaves. good hardly live. and if there were widows in the church and they had no family, they should be provided for the sustenance by the church. what i found in this portion of the scripture is that the early church was well organized. they didnt say, we support her today and tomorrow we dont. if you had no support for your family, if your family didnt support, they were ungodly people, he says. but if there was a true widow, then she had no support to church or to support her. no. god would support church at her. i believe in, if we have, i believe in the church. of ten members of five widows, you would say, two widows, you would say, how can we support them? no, i make it a bit difficult here and more. if we had a congregation, only of five widows, of ten widows, or twenty widows, do you think god would provide for them? yes, he would. truly widows. even when there were no businessmen in church with a big wallet.

