our passage today is 2 peter 1 verses 2 through 9. that may seem like an odd one to use for a closing out of this short series on parenting. but i hope you will see how important it is as a reminder to who we are, what our calling is as parents and how we are to effectively parent our children. 2 peter 1, 2 through 9, if you would stand, this is the lords word. peter writes, grace and peace be multiplied to you in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord as his divine power has given to us all things that pertain to life and godliness through the knowledge of him who called us by glory and virtue by which have been given to us exceedingly great and precious promises that through these you may be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. but also for this very reason, giving all diligence add to your faith virtue to virtue knowledge, to knowledge selfcontrol, to selfcontrol perseverance, to perseverance godliness, to godliness, brotherly kindness and to brotherly kindness love. for if these things are yours and abound, you will be neither barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our lord jesus christ. for he who lacks these things is shortsighted even to blindness and has forgotten that he was cleansed from his old sins. thats pray. lord, we do thank you for your word and for the mercy of the holy spirit to us. we pray that you would change our hearts today that you would minister to us through him and lord god that you would ultimately convict us of where we need to rely more upon you, where we need to rely less upon ourselves, where we need to change. lord, because of that may it result in greater joy in our lives. in jesus name, amen. maybe seated. some of you are asking, what does this passage have to do with parenting? well, i want you to see from verse 3 that gods divine power through the holy spirit has been given to you to do all things that pertain to life and godliness and that includes parenting. if your gods child, it is impossible for you to be left to your own limited resources. its impossible to be left to whatever is the amount of your own strength and wisdom because gods greatest and most wonderful gift to you as a parent is himself. theres no other way that you could accomplish this overwhelming task that you have been given. god knows that there are times when you feel that you have no clue what you are doing. he knows there are moments when you wish you could quit, when you could walk away from the responsibility and the burden. he knows that children, our children can sometimes irritate us, anger us and we them and yet peter reminds us that god has given us all things that pertain to life and godliness. or is paul writes in ephesians 3.20 now to him who is able to do far more abundantly than all that we ask. imagine that because you could probably think of all kinds of things you could ask for. yet god says he gives us and is able to do far more abundantly than we even ask or can think to ask according to the power of work within us to him be glory in the church and jesus christ throughout all generations forever and ever. that is the power that we should be relying upon. peter speaks a word of benediction in verse 2 when he says grace and peace be multiplied to you in the knowledge of jesus christ our lord. have you been struggling with this particular attributes in your parenting grace and peace? let me tell you how gods grace works. first gods grace accurately reveals who we are. thats a gracious thing that god does. god stays when we start the more.

