verse 13 says, so that the people could not discern the noise, the shout of joy, for the noise of the weeping of the people, for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off. in the middle eastern culture, someone who was sorrowing, someone who was grieving, someone who was crying, it was a very demonstrative, it was very loud, it wasnt, i mean, they wailed. and so you had some people that truly were struck by, as they see the foundation, and they remember in their minds, i, what the glorious temple actually looked like, and they knew it was not going to come close. and god admitted that through haggai. he says, its not even close. but understand this, its most important that you keep first things first. it is not about how beautiful the edifice, how beautiful the building might be. its how beautiful your worship is. you see, as they finished the temple, they were two, there were some things that were not there, but two of the biggest things, most noticeable and most important that were not there, that when they finished the temple, the ark of the covenant was no longer in the holy of holies. it was not there. they didnt have it. im not sure if joe blow, israelite knew that or not. im not sure about that. i may have to do some more study. that might have been a well kept secret, until of course, jesus died on the cross and the veil was renting too. but that was gone. and heres the other thing, the shaqina glory of god in the holy of holies was gone. so what they had was a shell. what they had was a place that they came to worship. and god said, you go ahead and you worship, you go ahead and you build the temple. i am with you. my friend, our worship is focused from our heart. you dont have to have a building. you dont have to have a sanctuary to worship almighty god. now theres something about coming together that its commanded from the word of god, that were not to forsake the assembling of ourselves together as a man or some is. but there are people all over this world who dont have a church building and they have church. hey man, i mean they have church. they put us to shame. ive been in some of those places and when they sing, but its not like this, amazing grace. can they pick another song with the sound thats saying? i mean when when theyre not singing onpissed necessarily, but theyre singing big, theyre singing loud, and theyre thinking about what is theyre singing about. and they just dare anybody to look at them and think about what theyre singing about. theyre singing to the lord. whats our worship about? im thankful that we had some folks come in and do a great job cleaning these carpets. they were really filthy. well probably have to have them cleaned again after joining through christmas. well probably have to do it again. thats okay. has it been with, you know, taking care of what gods given to us, okay? theres nothing wrong with that. but listen, our world does not rotate on, do we have the most beautiful exterior or the most excellent interior or whatever. thats not what thats not what the holy spirit kind of bad for church should be about. its to be about pointing people to the savior, bringing people that are hurting, bringing people that are emptied and and and destroyed by sin and helping to realize that jesus crisis the only answer for their life. thats what church is about. and there were some people that when they saw the foundation and they hadnt built anything on it just yet, a boy they had a celebration and they didnt let those that were that were yipyappen slow them down. so they were shouting and they were praising god while others were saying, oh its terrible, its awful, its not going to be like it was. and those people didnt stop. the grippers, the

