first so that he can then believe, how does that make god look? when god, specifically when god rebukes someone for their lack of faith, it would be like you and i, rebuking a lame man for not walking or a blind man for not seeing. we would be rebuking them. why dont you get up and walk? well, i dont have any legs. well, you shouldnt be able to get up and walk. if i did that, if i rebuked someone for not walking that clearly has no legs, then you would think pretty low of me. likewise, when we say that gods telling man that he and rebuking him for his lack of faith, then were implying something negative about god. now, the people who teach this, that regeneration is before faith, the reason that they say it is, they say that man is spiritually dead and so he cant exercise faith. he has to be born again so that he can believe. they take the idea of spiritual death, which is a metaphor, but they take it really beyond what scripture allows. they see him as a corpse who was unable to do anything, unable to respond to the gospel. and paul does say that were dead and are trespasses and sin, but hes not saying that to say that were incapable of responding to the gospel. now, i think the people who teach this very rightly want to give credit for salvation to god, but in their zeal to do that, they have set aside the responsibility of man. and what we find in scripture over and over again is that man is responsible to believe. but if it is all on god, such that man has no responsibility, well, then i really dont understand how, if we have no ability, i can see no way that we can have responsibility. if we have no ability to respond, how can we be responsible for our lack of response? and thats where i think theres a conflict there. now, by again, the bible clearly always teaches that we are responsible. when the jaylor asked the question, what must i do to be saved? what did paul respond? he said, believe in lord jesus christ. okay. so what did he say? he said, you need to believe. hes putting the responsibility on the part of the jaylor, even when nicodemus, when the lord brings up the issue of being born again. and he clearly does not understand how that is to take place. jesus points him to faith. and in fact, gives him this illustration of the brazen serpent. and he said, even so as the son of man, even as so as the serpent was lifted up, even so much of the son of man be lifted up. but whos ever what? believe it. okay. so hes pointing people to faith. he points nicodemus to faith. so the question is, well, are these people who teach this right? are they correct in what theyre saying? does the new life come before faith? or is it the other way around? well, what does the scripture say? john chapter 20 and verse 31, john 20 and 31, john is summing up his epistle, his gospel. and he said that these, he talks about all the stories thats been written. and he says that theres more than can be written. and he says, but these are written that she might believe that jesus is the christ, the son of god. and listen to this. and that believing, he might have life through his name. so what comes first? faith. faith comes on. if those folks who are teaching the other way around, if they were writing this scripture, they would say they would write that having life, you might believe. but thats not what john said. john said that believing you might have life. so man is to pray. he certainly has a tendency towards sin. he desires sin over god. that doesnt mean that he is completely incapable of responding to the gospel. so what does it mean? well, what is mans inability? and genesis chapter 37 and verse 4, this describing josephs brethren, and they says that they hated joseph and could not speak peaceably unto him. couldnt speak peaceably unto him. well, does that mean that when it says that they could not, did that mean that their mouth was wired shut? no, it didnt mean that. well, what does it mean? they didnt want to.

