which i think is in your scripture sheet. here we have david with his infant son dying, and hes praying and hoping hell be all right, but hes looking forward to joining his infant son in the realm of the dead. he knows he will go to him and be recognized. so in verse 11, we get to the meat of what they are saying about this king as he comes into this realm. your pomp and the music of your harps have been brought down to shayol. maggots are spread out as your bed beneath you, and worms are your covering. now yes, that sounds like the physical grave, but theres more to it here. this is the end of pride, pleasure, arrogance, selfindulgence, selfimportance. the picture of this pain is that of spirits aroused from their coffins. some say to more and others say to celebrate, but theyre reacting to the fall and death of this wicked babylonian king. hes now rendered his weak as and no different than all the others who have died. his glory has disappeared. the splendor of the court has disappeared. his majestys gone. maggots and worms. thats what the realm of the dead is. his corpse is being eaten away by these things. and the message for both isaiahs audience then and now, every earthly king will fall before the lord. this pompous babylonian king is just like everyone else. and even the dead know this. we see the same message in revelation 6 beginning in verse 15. then the kings of the earth and the great men and the commanders and the rich and the strong and every slave and free men hid themselves in the caves and among the rocks and the mountains. and they said to the mountains and to the rocks fall on us and hide us from the presence of him who sits on the throne and from the wrath of the lamb. for the great day of their wrath has come and who is able to stand. the answer is no one. only those trusting in christ in this age. so every tyrannical rule will come to an end. weve seen a play out throughout history, first a syria, then babylon, then the mito persians, then the greeks, then the solutions in the tolamas of egypt wrestled for power. and then came the roman empire. rome was in power when christ was born. and one by one all those empires fell. and other evil empires have come and gone since then. and isaiah reminds them and us that the day of judgment on all wickedness will come. right now satans empire remains for the present but his reign too will end. revelation 20 verse 10. and the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire in brimstone where the beast and false prophet are also. they will be tormented day and night forever. bible doesnt speak about the annihilation of the wicked. it speaks of eternal torment of the wicked. well those in the realm of the dead continue to speak to this king. how you have fallen from heaven, oh star of the morning. now if you have a king james, it says how you have fallen from heaven, oh lucifer, son of the dawn. you have been cut down to earth, you who have weakened the nation. now this reference to a morning star may well draw on an old canonite myth of a revolt in heaven. now the old testament writers sometimes alluded to these myths which were myths they werent truth. but they would allude to them because the people were familiar with them without affirming the reality or truth of the content of the myth. and in this canonite myth we had an imaginary god, a tar, morning star, revolted against the imaginary god, baal. and this coup failed and it resulted in the fall of a tar. and being cut down to earth here implies what? it applies a loss of all his power, all his status, all his influence, all his selfdetermination. both political and religious leaders today who claim for themselves undo authority. i would say to you that applies to those in power who feel free to change the law of god. we have this in our country. this is a serious problem and put this country in serious danger when the law of god is altered because...

