science is interesting and if you dont agree you can f off. it is time for dear science. how are we on? oh were busy, lily and were busy. were busy. its summer school time so ive got to rush off and give two lectures after this. and youve just had two lectures? i just had two lectures, yes, yes no rest and all that. is that, i mean theres a lot of work. its a lot of work for the kids, the poor things. so you think any of them listen to bfm or listen to your show? foo, i dont know, ill find out after this. would they get extra marks if they did? doubtless, doubtless. there you go guys. listen to me. hey actually we should tell you this segment is the second highest rated or followed podcast on bfm. so congratulations. thats all you. i doubt that. but its all good. yeah. oh thats fantastic news. cool. we arent joined by rumeich, i should let you know because hes been covering another show. so hes taking a break from wednesdays. fair enough. anyway, lightning. okay. creating lightning, creating antimatter in that atmosphere. what does that mean? okay, well its, everybody knows that lightnings pretty powerful stuff. and somebodys just, you know, sort of described it as being pure electricity, which it basically is. and you can get sort of temperatures up to 50,000 degrees celsius and stuff in a lightning strike and, you know, very, very, very highly energetic. and so its been thought for a while that perhaps its energetic enough to be able to carry out sort of nuclear reactions, so reactions on the chemical nucleus. and so some japanese scientists decided to test this. and they did this on the basis that theyve known for quite some time that lightning bursts emit these things called gamma rays. and gamma rays are really, really, really, really energetic particles essentially. and when youve got really, really energetic particles, its possible that they can interact with the chemical nucleus and get it to do weird things. okay. and some of those, well, one of those weird things is create antimatter, which well talk about in a minute. and so what they did was to set up essentially a radiation detector on top of a nuclear power station of all places in japan. and they were monitoring a thunderstorm that was very, very close. and its kind of difficult to set all this sort of stuff up. so youve got to have, you know, a thunderstorm within kui. otherwise, this isnt going to work. so they got lucky. and what they found with the radiation detector was that they were seeing a very short burst of gamma rays, so about 200 milliseconds of gamma rays. and then after that, what they were seeing were some positrons and neutrinos and neutrons. so they were detecting these now. okay. what are these things? what are positrons? what are positrons are antimatter? okay. so quick chemical chemistry lesson. okay. nucleus is made up of protons and neutrons. okay. new that one. didnt you get one? and then surrounding those are electrons. so those are your three basics of matter. okay. now antimatter are the anticonversions of matter. okay. so instead of protons, weve got antiprotons. instead of neutrons, weve got antineutrons. and instead of electrons, weve got positrons. so they all charged to, absolutely to, well, the antineutrons arent. okay. but the antiprotons and the antielectrons or the positrons are. so the positrons are positively charged electrons. and when a positively charged electron meets a negatively charged electron, then we get annihilation. okay. so thats antimatter meeting matter. and you get annihilation and you get emission of gamma radiation and lots of energy. so when you say annihilation, its not like a nuclear explosion that just cant cling to the rail. what kind of scale? yeah, no. you do get a decent amount of energy out of all of this. but you need a decent amount of energy to create this sort of situation. its always like, for the, in terms of lightning. yes, you do. yeah. yeah. okay. and so like, if youve ever had a pet scan, positron emission, tomography scan, so that is, that uses antimatter. that uses positrons and the interactions of these with actual matter. and then you get the radiation that emits from that and that gives you pictures sort of the inside of your body. so thats... i did not know that. ah, okay. its always good when i tell will something to be not unhappy about that. because will knows a bit, you know. i know some things. thats how you do it. you do. i know at least three things. because i always, i always thought, you know, when i think about the antimatter of center on tv and things like that, its always talked about as this mysterious thing thats in space and it doesnt have this crazy stuff. but were utilizing it for medicine. yes, absolutely. i do not know that. yeah. its almost gonna laugh at me, but i dont care. well, i didnt know what pet scan stood for. so there we go. okay, so thats... okay, so were all... someone can laugh at me as well. weve all learned something, okay?

