and so, sort of the guts of this is that the way that these positrons and neutrons and stuff get emitted is these gamma rays hit the nuclei of, in particular, nitrogen atoms and oxygen atoms in the atmosphere. and when it does that, then they, once theyve turned into other isotopes of nitrogen and oxygen, they then emit these, what we call subatomic particles or whatever, and those are the ones that get detected. and the nitrogen turns into carbon and the oxygen turns into nitrogen. its all very, all very interesting, all very inverted. yes, indeed, yeah. so, are they, no, no, no, no, no, go go go. are they trying to harness this kind of energy or? no, theyre not, but theyre just sort of interested in the fact that this happens. and now theyve got a possible way to account for the formation of these unusual isotopes of carbon and nitrogen in the atmosphere. and is that, are they damaging to our atmosphere or? no, no, theyre okay. theyre okay. theyre not radioactive or anything like that. so its just carbon 13 and nitrogen 15. theyre just very uncommon isotopes of both carbon and nitrogen. and so now its been shown that basically these can be formed by lightning. where we in the laboratory have to do it, and cyclotrons and all these big, expensive, enormous apparatus, nature can just do it by itself, which nature is pretty good at. so, yeah. so thats quite, its kind of cool. you said in the beginning that this was, you know, lightning is one of the purest forms of electricity. yeah. when you said that, is there like nonpure? no, no, its pure electricity, i think i said. so i think some say i was just paraphrasing somewhere. yeah, yeah, yeah. so. good fact, you came well. yeah, i want to know if i need to be honest. i need an electricity purifier in my house or something. oh, geez. you look on the web. therell be things for that. i guarantee it. people will be selling you pure electricity. i guarantee that. all right. were moving on. so today is a special day. it is. it is. its the anniversary of shroating his cat. what does that mean? no, im trying to find this meme. i wanted to talk about the meme, but i wanted to get it right. so if you tell us, what shroating his cat was? okay. so this all harks back to quantum mechanics. okay. so the reason were talking about this today is because... yes, actually, because i didnt use it that it was a study that... that... its a study that showed the problem with the copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics. there we go. and i didnt actually know even what the copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics is. and not many people do. so should we start there? okay, well start there. so today in 1935, the paper was published. all of that shroating his cat. now, i think probably a few listeners would have heard maybe of shroating his cat, but possibly might not know what its all about. well, its because its often used in, i guess, popular culture, right? absolutely. its used to describe a certain situation. its definitely one of those things people bring up at parties to seem like they know stuff. anyway. and then they dont have to explain it because its just too difficult to explain. so, you know, you wouldnt understand it. but alan, youre going to explain it to us. well, im going to try my best. so, quantum mechanics is weird. number one. okay, so back in 1900, everybody thought that they had everything pretty much sorted out and that newtons laws of matter and everything were all okay, and you could describe the entire world. and physics was basically going to be a dead science because they knew everything. there was only one thing that they couldnt understand. and that was why things give out light when theyre excited. okay, we dont need to go into that too much, but there was some studies of that. and then somebody comes along, okay? and guy by the name of max planck, and he says, no, newtons wrong. newtons wrong. einstein comes along, says, yep, newtons wrong. weve got this thing called quantum mechanics now that were going to use to explain the universe. and quantum mechanics was introduced by a shroatinger in heisenberg in about 1926. okay, now einstein, the whole thing about quantum mechanics is that it is just weird. its almost incomprehensible. okay, its just very, very strange. and it all relies on probabilities rather than the certainties, et cetera, et cetera. and one of the weird things about quantum mechanics is that particles can be in many, many, many different states at the same time. and once you observe them, then theyre forced to choose one of those states. okay? so its the act of observation that causes... to sting the channel. to adopt a particular state, lets say. but that state could change tomorrow. yes, yep. so which particular state gets chosen is a matter of conjecture. but its got to choose a particular state. okay? and this is where shroating is ket, kamesen.

