that can invalidate the whole forward experiment. so thats one of the things that was said that, you know, this cant be right because the cat is then an observer. it knows. it knows whether its alive or dead. so its observing itself. so therefore that kind of throws a spanner in the work. so its just like a really annoying way of thinking about the... i think this is probably kept philosophers little own scientist busy for decades. a long time. and it would probably get me busy for this whole hour if we dont move on. well, if i may just quickly. yes. so, okay. so one of the ways that people got around this was to invoke the many worlds view of the universe, okay? and every action you take has a consequence that generates another universe, okay? so when you open the box, you then generate two universes, one universe in which the cats alive, the other universe in which the cats dead. and those universes dont talk to each other. so we could be living and these, you know, have people talk about parallel universes. thats where that all came from. thats all come from this experience. yeah, yep, yep. and the guy that came up with the parallel universes interpretation was the name, the guy by the name of hugh everett, who is the father of mark everett, who is e from eels. you dont know eels. no, no. great thing. a really, really good band. look at total. just blank bands. no idea. sorry. no, a fabulous band. so his dad came up with a miniwitz problem. so i just had to get that. okay, fair enough. fair enough. and then, ellen. off, off, off, off, off, aficionado. all right. maybe we should get you in for another feature. just kidding. okay, well keep you on this one. were not. were not. the final story, which we should probably speed through. and do alcoholbased hand sanitizer. yep. throwing off alcoholbreath tests. yeah, you think this one will be? seemingly obvious. the experiment still had to be done. some folks in missouri, they went and tested 65 people using three commonly used breathalyzers that are used in the states. they got the testers to wash their hands with hand sanitizer prior to unpacking the breathalyzer from its packaging and everything. and you know, the mouthpiece and all of that stuff. and then they did the test. and what they found that was 10 of the... now, these 65 people were stonecold sober, unlike me, by the same name. and so they got 10 positive tests and they then got 31 and a half percent of tests where the breathalyzer wouldnt actually register, or reading it, screwed it up completely because there was too much alcohol around it. so this is a risk when people who are doing the test, not necessarily taking the test, but doing the test will muck up with the result. and you can imagine if youre a person who is busy sort of taking all these goopy bloody mouthpieces on and off your breathalyzer, youd probably want to sanitize your hands in between shots, wouldnt you? well, actually ive never thought about it. i mean mostly if ive gone through a breath as a cop stop and somebodys holding the breath, they dont have gloves. they just have their hands. so they must be doing... you would think theyre probably sanitization because... yep, yep. this is worrying. but as you say, it seems blindingly obvious, but sometimes the blindingly obvious things are not quite so obvious necessarily. so this has been published in the journal of forensic sciences and... yeah. there you go. kind of interesting. its kind of a cool story. but like, i feel like im really nervous regardless of when i go through cop stops. and its never because im actually doing anything illegal. i just have like a crippling fear of authority. thats the point. thats the point. i think thats what the aim of... yeah, very probably. i feel like one day im going to go through one and theyre going to be like, have you been drinking? no, no, no, no. now youll say no, but ive used hand sanitizer. this may throw you off. did you know its been published? yeah. brings out the journal from the backseat. hello, officer. alan told me so, actually. all right, well wrap it up, but thank you very much alan. my pleasure, as always. and well see you next week. good luck with the lectures. thank you very much. see you guys. that was dear science.

