because schrödinger sort of thought about this and said, oh, hang on, this doesnt make sense. this whole superposition of states thing, this whole thing that a particle beat can be in many, many different states at the same time, until you look at it. and then when you look at it, its got to choose one of those states. so he came up with a thought experiment. and a thought experiments a great. you dont spend any money on it. youre thinking about it. thats all it einstein evident. einstein was not an experimentalist. he just did thought experiments the whole time. he imagined himself sitting on a light wave and what he would see if the light wave was traveling at the speed of light. thats how he came up with his theory of relativity. is that why you said einstein and max planck talked about it, but then schrödinger and heiss and burt? yep. so planck and einstein started it off, and then schrödinger and heiss and burt took it to its sort of extremes. and einstein really never did like it during his lifetime. ok, so the cat. so schrödinger came up with this thought experiment. we said, right, ok, so lets imagine were going to cat in a box and the box has got a hinged lid, so you can look inside it. and inside the box with the cat is some sort of radioactive source. and this is going to emit radiation randomly, because radioactivity is a random process, ok? and weve got this set up so that whenever this radioactive isotope decays, one decay, that is then going to trip this hammer, which is next door to a bottle of hydrogen cyanide, and its going to smash the hydrogen side, and its going to kill the cat. i dont know that that was to that extent. i thought they just let the cat starve or something. no, no, no, no, no, its a thought experiment. its not. yeah, you can do anything. no, cats were being killed. no, no, no, cats were really harmed in the matrix. theres no actual cat in the box. well, there is, but its just a thought experiment. theyre just thinking about it, ok? its never actually done. oh, ok. so no cats were harmed in the process. no, cats were harmed in making this, ok. so what weve got, weve got the cat there, and its in with this bottle of poison, and the bottle of poison is going to be broken if this radioactive sample decays. right. at a random time. at a random time. at a random time. so we shut the box and we wait. now, is the cat alive or dead? that was his point. that was the point. that was the whole point of the thing. is the cat alive or dead? and the whole guts of this quantum mechanics, this copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics, said that, right, ok, the cat is both alive and dead at the same time. and thats the whole shrewding as cat paradox. now, how do we know whether the cats alive or dead weve got to open the box and find out whether the cats alive or dead? because we dont know, because that radioactive thing, thats a random process. it may have happened, it may have not. we dont know. but its only when we open the box and look at the cat, then the cat was in what we call the superposition of states. it was both alive and dead at the same time. and then as soon as we look at it, its got to choose one of those. its got to choose the alive state or its got to choose the dead state. i get it. ok. yeah, but its not the cats choice, obviously. no, its not. its got nothing to do. its like a space pile of things. its not there, right? no, the cats there. ok, but then so is the radioactive material in the box also? yes, the radioactive material is in the box also. yeah. so we dont know whether its just the cat or not. so it could have been possible that the cat did, would have died. they were dealing with the possible dead cat. yes, yes. yes, absolutely. absolutely. but we only know that when we lift up the box, well actually look at it. and thats the same thing as the superposition of states that theyre going on about quantum mechanics with a particle being in a whole lot of different states at the same time. but when you look at it, its forced to choose one of those states. and so schrödinger sort of set this up as showing the absurdity of the whole thing. and yet its been sort of used in the opposite sense to kind of prove that this sort of thing happens. ok, that the copenhagen interpretation is actually valid. so theres been experiments sort of set up where theyre trying to set up superpositions of states and theyve managed to get sort of atoms and superpositions of states and stuff like that. and its all extraordinarily weird. it really is. it sounds very messy, but this experiment, this thought experiment, basically gave them a solid support for that copenhagen. well, it led to actual experiments, i guess, designed it, trying to show whether this was the case or not. what do you think? well, the cats either a live or dead. i know that. yeah, just the thing that was a point though, right? the point is that its both. and so when you bring that into everyday life and you use this term in a situation, what would be an example of using this on a day to day? on a day to day basis, god. its not the sort of thing that crops up day to day really does it. the only thing, i think the only reference i have is friends. i think ross sees it at some point. i dont know. i have a meme though, unless you wanted to say something well. i was just going to say it sort of, this is always muddled with my head because ive just been like, surely the cat knows whether its a live or dead. and therefore... and therein lies the problem, because the cat then becomes an observer. yes. and that then can possibly be a observer.

