310. well, whats going on looking for hayflay into the plaza? my coach had gone down the leash. my coach has to start. a fine goal once again for rangers right out of the blue. hayflay with air click on. the leash lost his bearings there. the coach has to let the flight pass together by the waves from the average to the hall. it was david robertson while long ball down to mark katelyn, flick the ball on for alan mccoyce to run through the edge of the box in a fantastic lob over snowdrs to make it own 31er rangers. great goal in there in the partnership in mccoyce and hayflay. absolutely fantastic. the game at this point was like a hundred mile and hour stuff that rangers were forcing the ball to run through the edge of the box. but as i say, quite comfortable at 31. but then a moment of madness from mark katelyn, who had been having a fantastic game. hayflay is giving that take to hela and the test ive ever deemed. hela is doing it on durham. still in the chance. locked on the line. hes still coming in. boy, urban. i have a feeling im back in the match. i do trust and trust back here by hayflay. what was he thinking about? hela was kept at his feet. but then there it went. then it was blocked by god. and then hela reacted quickly enough. hayflay gets the ball in midfield and tries to pass the ball back to andy gorham. but it was too short. hans hillhouse, he ran through a huzzy shot, which was actually saved on the line. i think it was bajon brown, but only rebounded back to 10k at who just sort of stabbed the ball and he made it threetwo to the rangers. and then it was andy gorhams show after that. it was gorham that kept us in it. jumbe, first of all, well, long shot, saved by andy gorham from distance. and then an incredible save by gorham. there was a volley that was heading for the top corner. this was just sublime this save. it saved that one hand, the dived save that just had gone in. and absolutely fantastic. still to make it threetwo. then there was another cross, which had punched clear to the edge of the box. and then it was headed back in another fantastic save by andy gorham. and then john brown brought down the player on the edge of the box. but i would be in another free kick. and again, fantastically saved their bandy gorham superb. and then the last bit, the last bit, action we had across in david robertson. mark haley headed it in. we scored, but the referee had blew for a free kick just the edge of the box. so rangers on lucky that they were one allowed to continue. but that was the final play. it was a fantastic threetwo victory. and you know, certainly three, the goall three goals. we scored derek. were absolutely fantastic. mark haleys two goals were excellent and a superb goal. but ill him a coach as well. and also getting d.c. andy gorham is very best as well. so again, as usual, if you get the chance to go back and watch it like i said, it was threetwo rangers at petorje, the 4th of december 1991. and how old were you back then, derek? it was literally my birthday that day. literally your birthday. was your birthday? it was literally. yes, it was my birthday that day. so that gives you an idea of where my next birthday is coming up as well. oh, there you go. yes, i would have been, what did you say, 91? 1991, yes. i was six years old. she would have been six, yes, because i was 16. so there you go. oh, theres the tcom and met. yep, fantastic game again. its always good to get one over the sheep. yeah, exactly. all right, we will move now into the news. from ign, the itv news agenda with trevor mcdonnell. right, not a great deal of news to cover. we seem to be getting better at this, because were building them obviously quicker. but firstly though, theres a sad story for my academy player, jorin vanderbrock passed away at the age of 28. no age to pass away, absolutely shocking news to that as well. i didnt know about that, derek, did we know what happened? i have no idea. i just remember seeing him on football, manager all the time and trying to bring him through, but he couldnt quite get it on for us. absolutely shocking to you. thats an amazing idea. next one weve got here is rangers...

