the foundation raised 91,000 pounder their annual charity ball at the hilton on saturday. so, finally. great stuff. and this one here, i dont think there will be many rangers fans buying this anyway, but craig white appears to be bringing out a book about his time at ibrox. it was partially leaked online, dont know how. and he said to be absolutely raging about that. its going to claim corruption, match fixing, along with other scandals. so, thatll be a top seller, derek, with the green white side of the city. ive got absolutely no doubt. so, make his money off of that. exactly. thats one cany because ive actually literally written the same thing in my notes here. so, yeah. and our recent study has shown that celtic players earn more than double hour players do. hour players earn more than double hour dean players do, which, yeah, both are no real surprise. but its just maybe a wee reminder to some pundits that when they try to justify the european hammer in celtic, ive taken it out for you. and they claim its all about wages, but just look at our league as well, then. exactly. exactly, derek. yep. and we have got here, man who had penis hacked off by women with pruning shears claimed it was a sex game gone wrong. hahahaha. i had tried to think, ive had king gardner or something like that, was it? sergio, aged 40, who also lost his testicles, claims he was blindfolded and aroused during the attack as pressed up brenda baratini, the argentine loretta bobbit. i was going to say he was a king gardner, but he was about uphill gardner, thats not. it was pretty much reported that the 40yearold rock musician named only as sergio f, was asleep when he was allegedly mutilated by a stunning blonde architect brenda baratini. what did you do? but his lawyer today insisted that he was both blindfolded and aroused while the fact took place. hahahaha. im grimacing here actually, i think ive got that. but heres a question for you, are pruning scissors no quite small? i dont know, theres a picture of them here in the big proper shears, gardner. sure, sure, sure. okay. the director acting in defence of baratini said theres justification for what happened. the information ive received is that she was the victim of a sex attack. hahaha. she let him into the apartment because hes someone whos in a rock band and hes in a quaintance of her brother, but once inside, instead of removing a musical instrument as you wish you were supposed to, the actor sexually assumed the defensive attitude. whether or not she acted excessively is for the cause to decide. hahahaha. shes the donald finlay of argentinas law firms or law institutions do you think? well, i dont know what, hope somebody gets off because he certainly never did. i dont know if ill sort of... exactly. shes been these boys for earrings. and the earrings, you love the earrings. shes got her own ear rings, a whole shoe box full of matte dangly ones. come on. so, that about wraps up the podcast. oh my god. under another minute. under another minute. under another minute, so no. yes, so yes, we have... just to say that thanks for listening everyone. we do have our twitter feed, which is at ireadypod or facebook page, which is facebook.com slash ireadypod. we do have our website, which is ireadypodcast.wordpress.com. we do have her youtube page as well, which as i said, were trying to update as often as we can. this podcast will be obviously up in there as well, along with our match reactions as well, or trying to rope dave in here as much as i can. yep, definitely. and hopefully john as well, the former podcast guest as well. yep. we just smashed the like and subscribe button out of the youtube as well, because it means we can get a unique name if we reach 100 subscribers. so, please tell us. thank you for that. what is? yes. so, thanks for listening and goodbye. yes, take care everyone and hopefully at the next time we do this pod we will have our new manager. yes. take care, jus. bye.

