and bates. it was quite a strange team as well that we thought when we heard it in the cow, we were thinking what can affirmation. and im getting it. thered be a three at the back or something. yeah, it was a three, five, two is the way that i counted it. it was three with the mccroery wilson and alves playing at the back. it had these two wing backs in john and tav, two sort of homed in midfielders in holt and jack with pena supporting the front two of windas and miller. thats the way i saw that it was set out in very effective it was. yeah, right from the get go, we were right up for it. it seems in the first minute it was a great delivery from tav and youre on the right across the goal and windas outstretched, but it couldnt quite get there. really, it just needed a touch and it was in the back then it, but please not see it anyway. and this would have been a feature of the whole night really, getting a good crossing from the right hand side. yeah, it was. it was. i was, you know, in fruitful as well. yep. on the six minute we got a penalty. as i said on the reaction pod we actually initially thought it was, i didnt even think it was a penalty, but obviously looking back and it was as clear as a penalty as you could get. so i dont know what i was looking at at the time. basically, hope was about to unleash a shot. defender came right across him with a high leg to the chest and he was completely taken out. and i think i maybe thought it wasnt a fell because of the way the aberdeen player got flipped up over. but it was dog of determination from hope just going right for the ball. so good to see. and in the seventh minute, tav and ears slots at home with a great penalty and, you know, myself and everybody around me were thinking what the hell tav and ears taking the penalty. exactly. i think it was the same reaction in ears stand as well. so fair, fair play. im confident on off the step up and take it scored. yep. so certainly pressure, you know, off a straight away with a fairly early goal. yeah. and the ninth minute was a good run with the ball by john, taking on players, hit the shot, but deflects off an adab, aberdeen defender and a comfortable save for the keeper. on the 19th minute was a lovely shot from penner, from 18 yards, forcing a great save from the keeper. it was good play down the right hand side to find penner on space. and he just unleashed an absolute rocket of a shot and forced the keeper to tip it over the net. yeah, no, it was a great shot. i actually thought hed just think to look over the top of him, but the goalkeeper managed to get a finger tip to put it over the ball. so now were really, really impressive at that point. and thats when you could see penner was just starting to get more and more into the game. he was finding space and starting to exploit it as well. so good to see. yep. 24th minute, windas had the ball actually in the back of the net, but it was correctly ruled off side. good to see him getting in that position though, because i think it was like almost like a one on one with the keeper if i can remember right? so, yeah. so it was good to see that. and we got our second goal on the 26 minute and penner got his just desserts, lovely play down the right hand side with tavineer holt and miller linking up. holt crosses the ball on the deck into the box. penner had ghosted in a nice, nice space and nice touch and then he put it into the back of the net. fantastic to see in. i justified start, obviously. yeah, it was. it was also good to see the cross coming in. windas being the sort of more further forward striker. obviously, wasnt it going to get to him, but there was penner coming in behind him, which is what weve been missing, derek. well, what are the crosses that weve been putting in, especially in the last few games, weve been missing that sort of someone just behind the strikers just to go on the end of the ball and thats what penner did and slotted away nicely. yeah. i mean, something ive said to you after the game is, hes got a very weird run and its something tom miller highlighted in his commentary as well that i think thats maybe why he gets that a lot of criticism because hes got a very lazy gate and its just maybe the way he runs. hes got a very weird run. he really has and i think it makes him look slower than he actually is sometimes. so its something that might make me a wee bit patient with the guy certainly got an eye for goal and hes got a bit something about him. its just that weve not seen that often enough. yeah. so its maybe a case of patients and when we play the right team and formation for a male, hell do stuff and thats, you know, every goal he scored, you know, it has been crackers for us so far. thats right. in the fight for a nation, certainly citi has still a play last night. it was letting him get forward, you know, he still had the two supporting players behind him, which you know really helped him. yeah. 29th minute was a bit of a scramble in our six yard box, but we managed to get it away, fudging on made a good save in that also. and the 33rd minute was a great play, resulting in penna playing a great ball into the box with tavini hitting a shot, forcing a good save from the keeper. on the 36th minute, aberdeen had a shot. it was just

