that is some 40 by the way. i tried to... you look so pissed off. thats when theyre on all face. that was when i saw when i said that. i was like, in any video, i think we were getting beat up before not doing video games. you know, because it did score two goals and stuff like that. i have to say the two standout play. score two goals. tav. i only scored one, did you know? you scored the penalty, i think. i was gone a bit. right, so that i can see the stand that i was sitting in. right, and then pinching the door. you cant have problem. i was looking at the wrong flicking stand. but i was thinking of it as the guv and its no. you got ghosties? sorry, when you go. sorry mate. what did you hear there? it was a little bit of a fuss and it was fine. you never heard anything about what i was saying there. i heard she was talking about the resolutions and then that was about that. so your answer is no. sorry mate. as ever, weve got our website, which is... sorry, its already paused at work, so its not... i dont know what to say. im just flummoxed the fact that weve finished this nondo and all of them. youre just stalling it, trying to make you go in a little bit more. im going to get to bed before two oclock in the morning tonight. exactly. amazing. hey, the children keep coming! youre not just stalling, but they still stop. youre not stalling. youre not stalling. youre not stalling. she might probably seem like those who need those who need support us. they may be walking away. hi everyone and welcome to the next edition of the i ready podcast. as ever, im your host eric and along with me is my cohost dave. good evening, schofur. how are you? schofur, ill fucking show for you. for those of our listeners out there, derek is very kindly offered to give me and my son a lift through to ibrox last night. and it was a big fancy jaguar that we got a lift in the courtesy of dereks father and lost with a very comfortable and fancy drive through. so thanks again for that mate. it was much appreciated. now youve revealed the car drive and now you are revealed on our twitter account what my face looks like now. im going to be a marksman. exactly. and i keep telling you, still wearing that stupid, basking heart. i dont know what that was about. as i was just saying, derek, the picture that youve put up on twitter by rangers and youre writing the center. if thats what you look like when the teams won three, not having their head to think of you, you look like when were actually getting beat. well, theres no got a time stamp in it, so ill see that that was when it was still no no. just after we scored the third goal. yes, more obviously getting into that game, but we will then, sorry, i got distracted by my dad there. pretty sure dad did. no, very funny. yeah, well just say, back around and we will go down the tunnel and onto the pitch. yes. right. im not going to cover this too much because it was depressing. the first game weve got to cover was friday the 24th of november, a weighted and d. we obviously lost the game to one. not very good, obviously off the back of the twonil defeat to hamilton. i expect in a reaction from the players and largely, we never got it, did we? no, now im going to let you go solo here, derek, because i was working. i didnt get to see it and after the result, i didnt even watch the highlights or anything back because i was so pissed off with it. so youre going solo on this one, mate. just a brief summary of the first half. it was quite a fastpaced game. both teams have under chances. weve probably slightly edged it. were trying different options, going down the wings and then shots and runs through the middle. were pretty decent and we looked up for it at least, but again, no penetration. there was nothing clear cut and its been a feature of our side for the whole season so far. unlocking.

