by your post and gary mckaysteven who had just come on in the 40th minute, he got booked on the 42nd minute, he had a shot that went wide and he went absolutely mad because he thought they had been pulled down in the box but he got a yellow card for his back chart. good idea. yep, exactly. on, in the half time, were obviously full of great hopes for the next half where we played fantastic. it was the first time this season, i think weve all seen the team fighting for every single ball and putting the opposition team under pressure or so much pressure that they had to actually force themself, sent it in passing back to their keeper which is normally opposite for us. so fantastic to see and its something that i think pedro set east team out before he even started with us, he said that hes wanting to have a play a fast pace pressing game and its the first time weve seen it this year and ironically. he was in the managers house. exactly. you got that spot on the direct, that was the main reason i think that we played so well because we never gave it a aberdeener, a sniff of the ball. anytime we were on the ball, we were right on top of the min to be fair in grimmer. he set east team out spot on for this game so its really good to see. into the setting to have, not a lot happened to be quite honest with you. i had a look back at the day and a lot of it was at a midfield game. theres a few chances here and there. a bit disappointing because i thought aberdeen got more of a grip of the game up until this about the 60th minute. they obviously had to go for it. i think they changed their more attacking play and i think they got more of the ball simply because east started to stand off them. we never gave them more time on the ball and we hadnt been playing our pressing game like we did in the first half so it was disappointing to see. but certainly anything that aberdeen did try and do, it was fairly well contained. they didnt really have much of any chances. 57th minute was a whole did have a bad challenge on the aberdeen player and ryan christie obviously the celtic lonee confronts hall and raises hand and tries to push him and he gets a yellow card for his troubles. so i had to highlight there for what happened later on the game. on the 67th minute, penner came off and candice came on. and almost immediately on the 70th minute we got our goal to make it 3 now by tavania. windas gets the ball on the edge of the right hand side of the box, puts across in on the deck and tavania with more or less a simple tapping. possibly offside, im having a look back at it. i think hes said, body was slightly off but hes, feet was certainly on our side so im not, im pretty sure if its any part of the body thats offside, gets rolled offside, im not too sure, not real that way. but given the fact that were due a bit of a look from the ref reason line him in this year, then ill certainly take it. definitely in and sort of strikers instinct from the fillback as well. derek just with the position that he found himself in and tucked the ball away really well. i didnt know who it was that had actually scored at the time because for where we were sitting behind in the brumelon, we basically just seen the ball go in and then everybody said a mob, whoever it was that scored. so it wasnt until it was actually on the, you know, the tanois that was announced that it was tavis scored, but looking back, ive seen the go back again. it was a really good finish by him. so yeah, fantastic. and its the first time since ive been going to ibrox in the year and a half or fadma season ticket that ive seen the bounce theyre getting done by the fans as well. is that right? yeah, there you go. i was wondering that, you know, were sort of all going, obviously the last couple of years, ive no been the greatest. ive played for us. so it was certainly good to see that back. ill be at about 10 seconds or so. yep. and 80 second minute and miller came off. herrera came on and i was as highlighted a bit, ryan christie. hes seen red on the 83rd minute. basically, ross mccruery, i got the ball and i was a lunge, a wild lunge from, from behind, ryan christie done and hes setting yellow card and he tried to complain about it. of no idea why, because it was a clear as day, you know, yellow cards. and it just shows you the stupidity of the guy when, you know, that given what he got his first yellow card for as well. yeah, yeah, yeah. yeah, not sure if that rules them out for the next game or not. im sure it does derek. im sure i read that. you will miss the next game because of that. if it was a straight red, you got a chance to appeal it and you can play the next match. but because its two yellows, im sure that youre automatically banned for the next game. and whats beyond it derek, he is their main player. everything goes through him and without him theyre kind of lost. or if he gets completely mapped during the game like he did in that match there, they were lost as well. so, you know, its only good for us that hes no playing because he is a fantastic player. theres no getting away from that. its just a good bit of fortune for us that hes no going to be playing on something now either. yeah.

