but i think with you look at all of these productions, they are trying to do things in a sort of european way, even if its not specifically in french. the only real french... what does that mean? well, it means that theyre not trying to make cheaper versions of american shows. theyre trying to make shows that have a european sensibility, even if theyre not necessarily in french. they might be in english or they might... studio canal produces shows out of britain. they produce shows out of scandinavia and out of france. but the shows have some sort of local feeling to them, even versailles, which is a bit of a cheesy type of show, does feel european. in terms of the way it depicts sex, in terms of... it doesnt have that american feel. an american version would probably be more violent and less sexy. they definitely up the sex and drop the violence. and it feels more european, even if it wouldnt necessarily be a show that i want to watch. theres also... you can see this with shows that gommol does. gommol is a big french film company, of course. but they start to side business and doing highend television production. and theyve landed props, the most successful show in the us. its finished its run now. but hannibal, which is an adaptation of these... or serial killer movie franchise based on hannibal lecter. well, this is fantastic. i mean, i saw this myself and i thought that the production values were so high, but it was also this wonderfully dark psychological series. and of a darkness that you are not used to seeing coming from the states, i was actually surprised, though, to... because i read about this in the hollywood reporter. and i was surprised to find out it was frenchmade, but of course not surprised in a sense. because i think it has a very european darkness to it, a psychological complexity that is great. and, you know, extremely gory, but not in an american sort of way. and a very twisted, psychologically perverse way. yes, thats right. i mean, hannibals a great example, because the approach is what gommol would say is european. the way they look at violence is disturbing and problematic, and not sort of an american sort of splashy, almost, you know, enthralment to violence as you see in some american shows. the approach for like from gommol or studio canal, for example, is that they dont really care about what language its in, but they wanted to have the same sense or european sense that maybe some of their films would have. and they produce films with various european directors in various languages. they wanted to transport that style, that sort of, you know, what they would call sort of an autore european approach to the series they do, which make them quite distinct from american series. even if they might be set in america or be in english, as hannibal was. just shifting to cinema now in europa court, which is luke bessons company. it was set up to be this huge european studio, but a studio that could compete with hollywood. and of course, this year saw a huge flop, valerian. it was a big budget scifi, would be epic, and it did not win favor with the box office in the states. i was very mixed on it as a critic, but there were some things about it that were extremely beautiful, other things that did feel a little tone deaf. in terms of the business, though, what has the failure of valerian at the box office done to europa court and confidence in the french film and tv industry more generally? well, i think valerian was obviously stepped back for europa court and for luke bessons ambitions. i mean, with that film, he was going to, we want to launch europa court really as a top level studio production company that could compete almost on the same level as the us studios. it was a massive budget film. he had been very clever in how we put together financing for it, giving a lot of chinese money. it looked like it was an ideal production to sort of launch the company into that way because it failed so badly, commercially, whatever you think of it critically. its made europa court back up a bit in terms of its ambitions. thats not to say that the loop assault model couldnt work on a slightly lower level. they had huge success with lucy, which was somewhat similar idea. scully johansson, great star and a very good high concept film, yeah. exactly. and fit into luke bessons ideas, which is he makes sort of high concept action movies. and he can do them in english and they can do very, very well internationally. lucy was a huge commercial success as well. you see that his next films are probably going to fall closer to that model and maybe not do the 200 million massive blockbuster. i think when it comes to his company and to sort of french production companies in general, theyve sort of stepped back their ambitions a bit. they dont think they can really take on the hollywood studios, but they might fit in.

