complicit in some of the things that they expose. going down to the very last episode of the second series, which has this great episode with juliet binoche, whose under pressure from an admirer, its really quite timely, in fact, i think, that episode. you mentioned juliet binoche, cecil de france, natalie bain, who are some of the other names that have popped up. im only through the first season, who are some of the other names that pop up. oh, well, im one i did love is fabrice lucchini, whos a really unexpected figure. and in this one, he turns out that hes always wanted to play james bondvillain, which i love. and i actually would, id love to see him as a james bondvillain too. theres a great plot point there. hes a great... hes got this amazing face thats very much... he was launched, i think, by romero. in claires knee, he played a role part in that. but certainly, yeah, a face synonymous with that sort of boomer generation of great french actors, yeah. another interesting one who pops up is isabelle agani. and thats an interesting one, because thats a story about a director who sent her his first script, but was rejected. and, but, in fact, then turns out that she really wants to make another film with him, but hes so furious that being rejected, that its going to be impossible. and the agency there, both the director and isabelle agani, are their clients. and theres all kinds of problems. because often the agents enthusiasm leads them into terrible sort of blunders. theres a great episode in season one with francesca sabian and lina renault, for example. you know, that were the two elderly actors. oh, yes. i love that episode. and old rivals as well. an old rivals, yes, yes, yes. well, one of the things i really like about that episode is that old rivalry is really... there were no punches pulled, really. i mean, in the tenor of it, i mean, obviously, theyre older women. but theres a real sort of acidity to it, which i like. theres a real tang in this. and when it gets bitchy, its really deliciously bitchy. this series... yeah. and i like the fact that i mean, there are younger actors in it and younger stars. but theres one of the agents are let is quite a bit older. and she often has these keys to longheld rivalries. yes, yes. and we discover in season two that she actually... one of the... she had an affair with cheb baker back in the day, which i love too. what do you think this show generally tells us about show business in france? and, you know, perhaps what does it show us about show business in france? as a kind of industry thats different from the american one? i suppose one of the things thats interesting is it is quite enclosed. do you know... theres the odd incursion from hollywood, from the idea of a tarantino film. but i think theres something really enjoyable about seeing a more enclosed artistic world, a creative world, in which its sort of reflecting about their own projects rather than thinking about outside. and i think... i mean, if i were an actor or a director, id want andrea, the young gay woman to represent me, i think shes so passionate about filmmaking. and i think shes a really passionate about otor filmmaking and i think she... i love seeing that. i dont know. theyre not really cynical. i think they have different specialities like... theyre machiavellian more than cynical in that sense, arent they? they sort of... well, they know how to play the game, and they know how to manipulate things. but i think its done for reasons which are represent... the reasons that we can understand. i think one of the subplots is that... in the second season, in particular, is that gabrielle gets a bit too involved with one of his clients and manipulates things in a really terrible way. and thats such a shock, because you think theres so much about what will be best for their clients as actors, as creative people. theyre... and its a bit of a shock to see interpreted in another way. i guess its a pleasure of seeing another cultural world outside the familiar one in hollywood. philippe orca, filmwriter for the australian on the french language series, called my agent, currently screening on netflix. call my agent ears part of a wave of frenchmade shows.

