That's exactly what it means. Repent is to turn from their willful ignorance. It says, turn at my rebuke. The idea being is, you've gotten into some trouble, haven't you? Because you weren't as smart as you thought you were, were you? You have not been as wise as you needed to be, were you? You have gotten into some sort of difficulty and it has been because of lack of wisdom. You have suffered the consequences of your stupidity. Here they are. That's a rebuke. Turn from it. Turn from it. Repent of your failure. And so the invitation is going out from wisdom. Turn from your willful ignorance and this is the most wonderful thing. It's just like the invitation of our Lord Jesus Christ who says, repent and believe the gospel which is come to me, all your labor. Repent and find me. Repent and believe on me. This is very much the same sort of thing. Turn at my rebuke. Surely I will pour out my spirit on you. I will make my words known to you. Now the NIV is a little misleading here. For some reason they decided to trans-Ruach as as heart. And so they have wisdom saying, I will pour out my heart to you as if I will share with you all I know. But in actual fact, what's being said here is I'm going to give you me so that you have me and know what I know and have access to my mind. I will pour out my spirit on you. I will make my words known to you. Why would anybody refuse the offer of being perfectly wise, which is what this offer is? This is the ultimate hidden secret, perfect wisdom that is presented as being available to people. The invitation is to turn from your lack of wisdom, your mistakes, your errors, and your ignorance and come and have me with you in you always. Why wouldn't people want that? Michael. Because the ultimate fear is time and time again, our existence is physically evil, wicked, through the evil and will not seek God. Yeah. In other words, the heart is desperately evil. All the thoughts and intentions of our heart are only evil continually according to Genesis 6. Paul said in 1 Corinthians 2, 14, the natural man does not receive the things of the spirit of God for their foolishness unto him neither can he know them because they're spiritually discerned. And as far as the person to whom the invitation is given, their answer would be, yes, your offering may something, but that means I have to turn from something and I don't want to turn from it. I would rather try again under my own power using my own mind and the skills that I think I have faced the same situation again and make the same mistake again than bow to you. That is the pride of the simple, but the invitation is to receive the same kind of experience that God promised to the Lord Jesus Christ Himself. It says in Isaiah chapter 11, there shall come forth a rod from the stem of Jesse and a branch shall grow out of his roots. The spirit of the Lord shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the Lord. Every single one of you tonight who is a Christian wants those things. You would love to have those things. But those of you who may not be Christians here tonight think, well, those things would sure be nice. I'd like to be wise. I'd like to have counsel in my, but that would mean to high price. I might have to turn from my sin. I might have to turn from my rebellion and I would do things my way. And that is the problem with the invitation.

