Good to see Claire Ducker back after a long absence from us on Wednesday night. It's good to have the Oliver's here. If y'all haven't met the Oliver's, they're all friends of the Ormestans. But don't hold that against them. They are delightful folks from out in dripping springs and or the environs they're of. And we're glad that they're with us. Meet Janice and Darrell after church, for sure. And Amanda and Amber, who's Amanda, who requested that last song. Let's turn to Proverbs again to the first chapter. Chapter one. And begin tonight with verse 20. We have already made which you just closed the door. If you don't mind please. Thank you. Appreciate it. We have already learned that the purpose of the book of Proverbs is so that we might know wisdom and instruction and perceive the words of understanding all of those things that were mentioned in the first six verses. And verse seven we saw last time is really the theme of the book and the place that wisdom begins. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction. And what we saw last time about that is of course that it's not that people don't know anything before they come to a fear of the Lord. It's not that they don't have very general and even specialized and even great knowledge about all kinds of things. But the fear of the Lord is the beginning of putting everything in perspective. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of seeing things from God's point of view and therefore understanding what's the wisdom of this world and what's the wisdom of God, the things that are true and the things that are really false, the things that don't matter and the things that do matter the most. Tonight we're going to look at the first of several passages where wisdom is personified. Now one of the things we learned from last week that I want to set before you frequently as we study this book is that when we speak of wisdom it's more than abstract teaching. It's more than teaching from the library. It's more than aphoristic sayings. We learned last week that wisdom is a who? Wisdom is a person and who is that? The Lord Jesus Himself, the Bible calls him our wisdom and says that in him are hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. So ultimately it's Jesus Himself who is teaching in this book. Ultimately we're not going to read anything in this book that is at variance with the counsel of the Lord Jesus Christ Himself. And just as we regard the west of the Bible as written by the Holy Spirit and the very word of God it's very important that we remember that these proverbs are very much the word of God. Now wisdom is ultimately fulfilled in Jesus but it is personified in the verses before us in the person of a woman. It speaks of wisdom as a she beginning in verse 20. Probably fully half of you here tonight will appreciate that fact and be glad for it and feel that the Bible is giving you some overdue due perhaps in personifying wisdom as a woman. I don't mind that because I'm used to wisdom being personified as a woman. I think that that is my wife's spiritual gift. But in any event it is personified.

