in verse 23, wisdom says, I give you me, I give you my perspective, my discernment, but you have to give up all that other stuff. You have to give up some things, you have to turn away from it and come over here, come here to me." And they said, no, I don't want to leave that behind. Some people don't even want to admit that they have been ignorant of God all these years. Some people don't want to admit that they have been and are sinners. They have such pride. Some people don't want to become a Christian because so many of their friends have disappointed them and they're supposed to be some kind of Christians. Whatever the reason is, people will not come to God, but the ultimate reason is of course, they're enmity against Him. They hate Him. They hate Him by refusing to come to Him because by their refusal they're saying, you are not worth it. Other people may find you the greatest thing in the world. Other people may find you the most desirable thing. Other people may find you the ultimate good and the finest blessing, but I don't. I just want you to know that I prefer being down here in the mud pile to your vacation that you offer me on a beautiful sandy beach. I want what I've got and what I know because it's mine and ultimately I want to be more important than you. That's the rebellious heart of the sinner. The invitation goes out, turn and repent. I'll give you me. I'll pour out my spirit on you. You'll be wise. I'll make my words known to you. There's the invitation. The invitation is rejected. In verse 24 there is a warning against rejection. It says, because I have called and you refused. I have stretched out my hand and no one regarded, because you disdained all my counsel and would have none of my rebuke. I also will laugh at your calamity. I will mock when your terror comes. When your terror comes like a storm and your destruction comes like a whirlwind when distress and anguish come upon you, then they will call on me, but I will not answer. They will seek me diligently, but they will not find me. Why is this rejection so bad? Why is it so terrible that they have refused to the point that this character wisdom is willing to mock them and laugh at their calamity? Because chapter 2 verses 4 and following say, if you seek her, that's wisdom as silver, and search for her as for hidden treasures, then you will understand the fear of the Lord and find the knowledge of God for the Lord gives wisdom. From his mouth come knowledge and understanding. He stores up sound wisdom for the upright. He is a shield to those who walk uprightly. He guards the path of justice and preserves the way of his saints. Then you will understand righteous and justice, equity and every good path. Here's the reason for this being so bad to refuse wisdom because in refusing wisdom, who are you refusing? God, you're refusing God Himself, you're refusing Jesus, you are refusing the triune God when you refuse wisdom. We've just gotten through with Isaiah and there's a passage in Isaiah that maybe some of you thought of when it talks about how wisdom is held out to these people and yet they refuse it, even though wisdom stretches out his hand. You remember that Isaiah 65 says, I was sought by those who did not ask for me. I was found by those who did not seek me. I said, here I am. Here I am to a nation that was not called by my name. I've stretched out my hands all day long to rebellious people who walk in a way that is not good according to their own thoughts. And you remember from that passage that the ultimate sin that they committed was that they said, we are holier than you are God. We're the holy ones. I saw a bumper sticker last week said, God's are us. Yeah, that's what people think. That's what people think. Especially the kind of people who live in 1997 in Austin, Texas, that's what they think. They're holy.

