by the Word of God. They don't want the Word of God to make wise their simplicity. In other words, they're very, very happy to be ignorant. Because she says, scorners delight in their scorning and fuels hate knowledge. In other words, the simple person here doesn't just have an ignorance problem. It's not just a person who doesn't know a person who is unenlightened. But a person who is ignorant and wants to stay that way. It says in Job 5, 2, for wrath kills a foolish man and invi-slays a simple one. You see, there's a kind of a common myth that goes around in our culture, in all cultures, for that matter, about very limited people, people of very little knowledge, very simple souls we would call them. It was kind of perpetrated by that movie Forest Gump. It's just kind of better to be plain. It's kind of better to be simple. It's kind of better not to know nothing. It's kind of better to be endearingly ignorant. There have been many movies like that. We even perhaps know some people a lot like that. And maybe we kind of chuckle and call them the salt of the earth. And we just think that they're just pretty great folks, because they're not troubled by a lot of outside knowledge and so on. There's a problem, though. And the problem is we're forgetting that those people are under the curse the same as we are, and that they're sinners the same as we are. They are sinners the same as we are. And what is going on here in this passage is that she is speaking to the willfully naive, the person who doesn't want to learn, who doesn't want to know because he'll have to change if he does. You know that this is true from some of the other passages in Proverbs. For example, down in verse 32 of the chapter we're looking at tonight, it says, for the turning away, that means the turning away from wisdom of the simple, we'll slay them. And the complacency of fools will destroy them. So these simple people are put in a parallel a couplet of sentences with fools in chapter 9, 16. It says, whoever is simple, let him turn in here. And that is what we read earlier, the invitation of the woman Folly. She calls for the simple to turn in because the simple is a foolish person. He's a little tempted. And then in Proverbs chapter 22 verse 3, it says, a prudent man foresees evil and hides himself. But the simple pass on and are punished. And the sense of that verse seems to be not that not that they simply pass by, but that they will not recognize the evil as evil. And they willfully continue on in what they're doing, even in spite of the warning that they're getting. Basically what you have here are people who are under the condemnation of the passage in John 319 and 20. Remember what that says? It says, this is the condemnation that the light has come into the world and men love darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. For everyone practicing evil hates the light and does not come to the light, unless his deeds should be exposed. Let me give you an example of how this works. It never is more glaringly evident than in the lives of Christians that you know, that you sometimes try to talk to about the deep things of God. Or maybe you're even going to have to talk to that Christian about their sin, or you're talking to that Christian about some sort of theological question that they've asked. And all of a sudden to your amazement, you hear this Christian saying back to you, now I'm not interested in all those highfalutin big words. I just wanna know about Jesus. I'm not interested in theology. All I care about is Jesus. I'm not interested in,

