imagination whose concentration, whose thought is set on God. That is the promise. And whoever listens to wisdom is going to dwell safely. You know, there are sometimes when you've taken the biblical course of action and you've done all you can do and then some trouble comes. But think of those disciples. They'd taken the biblical course of action and the book of acts. They'd done all they can do. They were completely obedient to God. They had completely dedicated their lives to God. And sure enough, they fell into the hands of the authorities and the soldiers beat them. And what was their attitude when they went out? Well, I must not be living the victorious life. Well, I must not be overcoming and living life more abundantly. No, they went out and they rejoiced that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for the name. They were men at peace. They were men in the safety of their union with Christ. They were men in the safety of their relationship with their Heavenly Father. And that's what this verse is talking about. It's not saying that you're going to lead a trouble-free life. You know, I'm so sorry about so many of the things that happen to people to disappoint them when they get older and they want to say, so we'll take your ease. And yet at the same time, you know, life doesn't end and life doesn't get easier. But what happens is you can always stand on Proverbs 133 no matter what happens. Whoever listens to me will dwell safely and will be secure without fear of evil. That was as true for a Christian being hauled off to a concentration camp under Nazi Germany as it is true for you at Nasebring in 1997. So with that kind of promise that God will be with us, that His Spirit will dwell within us, that He will deliver us from fear, that He will help us do the right thing because we are embracing His teachings, His mind. How do we get it? How do we respond to the invitation? The invitation has gone out. Wisdom has called out saying, how long you simple ones will you love simplicity? Well, the first thing to do and your obvious answer might be, will you read the rest of Proverbs? That's what you do. No. That's not the first thing to do because you see there are people who have read the rest of Proverbs for centuries who are not Christians. They're not Christians. So what you and I have to do is obey the advice of a person who probably wished he had obeyed his own advice earlier in his life. James, the Lord's brother, he did not believe on his older half-brother when he was incarnate before his death, before his resurrection. Jesus made an appearance to James, and after that James believed. And here's what James says in James 1, beginning with verse 2. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into various trials. Those are the things that keep you from surfing the internet by the firesides. Count it all joy when you fall into various trials. Knowing that the testing of your faith produces perseverance, I do wish it had been translated perseverance in the New King James, but that's what it should be. Perseverance. Verse 4. But let perseverance have its perfect work that you may be perfect and complete lacking nothing. And so he starts this letter off this way. He says, I know you're going through it. I know you're under persecution. I know you wonder where is the Lord in all this, and I know that it's going to make some changes in you, but he can just sense their reaction. What do we do, and what does this mean? How do we deal with the bad circumstances that have befallen us? And his answer is this. If any of you lacks wisdom, if any of you somehow wants to

