in the ministerial leaders. And oftentimes sometimes because of dispensational theology, there's perverted theology that bars them from singing the songs of Zion. Because the songs are the songs of Zion and the dispensationalists say, we're not Israel, we're the church, born at Benicos. These aren't words that are appropriate for you and I. We're in a New Testament church and that's the law and this is the age of grace and the way they've been taught. They can't obey the apostolic commandment for we have New Testament believers to sing the songs of Zion of the Israel of God. The fact that we're told to do it tells us we may be on to something with this doctrine of the Israel of God because we can sing it without contradiction. They can't. So the theology they learned at Dallas or wherever they got it from bars them if they're thinking people from obeying the apostles. But if they're really thinking people, they ought to say, no, wait a minute. If it boss me from the obedience of the commands of the apostles, maybe I need to rethink the thought that's keeping me from that obedience. So I know these are factors that enter into why modern Christians can't just do like the pilgrims did and just receive this with gladness and participate in it. But there's something else I think that accounts. For this inconsistency that we should consider. It may apply to more Christians than we want to believe because it will be very unsettling. I'm not God, but I'm curious that that may be the fact. You say, well, what is that? What else? Ignorance, bad teaching, poor example. Well, we don't mind my, I admire my pastor. He never has a thing, so I must not be getting something when I read Colossians 316 and we brush things off that way. But I think there's something else that at times contributes to this unwillingness to obey this very simple command which the pilgrims so easily were able to obey. And that's lack of conversion. Say, all, pastor, you're gonna judge all Christians who attend churches that don't sing the songs that are not being genuinely converted. I didn't say that. It's not my point. I'm not trying to imply it. I'm saying this. The reason some, many, I don't know how many. The reason some, many, cannot do this is because they haven't been regenerated in their heart. And they've lacked the renewed mind of a child of God. Now, I'll explain to you why I say that. Some folks, of course, don't know any better. As I've said, there's ignorance and lack of teaching, lack of example. They've got no teaching on the subject. Their spiritual leaders have failed them, by the way. We're an age that both of us, of now, we're experts on praise and worship. All our grandpas, they're old, footy-duty, doctrinal people. Now they say, doctrine divide. Now we want to emphasize praise and worship. And they've completely fallen on their face once they began to emphasize praise and worship. Because if you leave doctrine, you will leave doctrinal praise and worship too. When it doesn't matter so much what you think anymore, it won't matter so much how you worship the Lord anymore, despite what the apostles say. They are connected, you see. You know, the pilgrims were reformed Protestants. They were Calvinists. Now last week I was reading for you, John Calvin's account of his own conversion to Christ. And he related it in the introduction to his commentary in the book of Songs. And Calvin described his conversion as an act of the sovereignty of God. And we went on to prove his contention. That conversion is an act of the sovereignty of God by examining the conversion of Cornelius. Everything about Cornelius's conversion was proving what Peter has said that under the Gentile God had granted repentance unto life. And the whole conversion of Cornelius proved that. And that's great. But there's another observation that Calvin made about his own conversion that may help us to impart, to understand why some profess believers in our day or in any generation would refuse to obey, a command that is just so simple and non-complicated. When other believers, like the pilgrims, were able to choose, to very happily choose to.

