the present meeting between many voiced and solo singing. The composer was Richard Allison, a protagonist of the brilliant English 16th century Lute School. That such a book with all its implications of skill and leisure should have been brought to this most howling wilderness and its mud-hovels is a touching proof of civilized man's faith. It didn't matter what their outward condition was. There was a dignity and an honor and a knowledge and a wisdom and an education that the pilgrims had. They weren't slouches. They were humble people, but they weren't slouches. Roosters library contained other tokens of pilgrims' cheerful taste. Lyric verse, the Gaurity tragedy of Messalina. They go on a name a bunch of different musical works that now most of us wouldn't have any idea what these songs are or what these offerings are. The Golden Garland of Prince Lee Pleasures and Delicate Delights is one of them. Similar song books continue to be imported and they go on to name many of them. Some of the ballads in these garlands were new. Others almost as old as their tunes. For instance, quote, a lamentable song of the death of King Lear and his three daughters. That was in Roosters' home. It was probably one of Shakespeare's sources. In another of these ballads, Purge and Sang of a 15th century Duchess. And I don't know if he gives different books. And then he says, now this is where things begin to go south. So there was a musical skill devotion in Zeal. They had education. They were a very literate people that used their knowledge of the arts for the worship of God. And then things would change beginning about 20 years later. He explains why. The end of the great Puritan Exodus. All these Puritans come in in mass in the first 20 years. But then by the time you get to 1640, it slowed down in just other regular people. Just Englishmen were coming over and flooding. And that would change the face of America itself. But the end of the great Puritan Exodus in the 1640s coincided with the eclipse of English music. In America, the first wave of powerful, cultivated men was replaced by weaker, more fanatical ones. The first generation had something sturdy in them that had root. The next generation that came over later had to show they were just as strong, but they really weren't. And the way they went about proving it was by becoming more fanatical, probably a little more ferrous cycle, just to show how strong they were. And this was lacking in the pilgrims. Fortunately, see. So this next generation was weaker and more fanatical men. The prime forces of English Puritanism were engaged at home and immigration lapsed. There were no cities or courts here that could attract professionals. Instruments were disallowed at meeting. Training was shirked. And song itself was pushed into the background by the swelling virtuosity of the Puritan Sherman. We think of virtuoso as the expert on a musical instrument. But the virtuosity became the sermon of the Puritan. And certainly the Puritan sermons were models of biblical exegesis and knowledge and devotion and zeal. And as these became stronger, music began to take a back seat. The more fanatical, more legalistic ones would come in time and they would begin to make more rules for how and how not to sing, you see. To aid congregations in these times of waning skill, the New England is imported from Old England, the pernicious habit of lining out the clerk or reader, the man leading the singing, at meeting would sing out each line of the psalms separately and then the public would repeat after him so that everything was sung twice. The meaning woefully distorted by the pauses and it gives an example of one song. So the Lord will come and he will not and the people would sing, the Lord will come and he will not keep silence but speak out. Well, with that gap there, you think, keep silence but speak out. No, no, it's the Lord will come and he will not, he will not keep silence but speak out so the puss is, you know, it just wasn't well done. And he says, in a psalm of any length became unbearably tedious. The leaders were themselves far from infallible and he goes on to give an example of...

