mercy in the morning. Tradition has allowed, now this is the way the world sees them, tradition. The world sees the Puritans as very little of human understanding or aesthetic cheer. Bony fingered bigots, incapable and spiteful against the pleasures of the odds. There's is not an inviting myth, the portrait they paint of the pilgrims. And the author says in their music, in the music of the pilgrims, they are revealed in a braver, more haltering lights and colors, cultivated amateurs knowledgeable in an exquisite 16th century art, singers in congregation of some of the most exhilarating song ever to spring from an embattled folk. With this song, Huguenot modders, lowered and lifted over slow flames as they were being burned to death by the Roman Catholic Church, burnt alive. As they were, they drowned out the Latin chance of their tormentors. And he means with the singing of songs. So as they tormented the death, they would sing the songs and draw out Rome's Latin chanters. In the new world, the mirthful and exultant Puritans, men who had, as they said, consolation strong enough to hold up their heads above water when the waves rise high as and the raging billows make the greatest noise. Raised the chorus. The congregational song of the 16th and early 17th centuries was the sublimus there has ever been. The thrill in religious exaltation of singing familiar yet new in great music with masses of one's fellows gave the triumphal cry of a liberated faith. Man threw off his shackles and he sang, not only in which they didn't do in Rome, not only in chorus and in love and in need, but every day, everywhere a tune was struck up, the psalm sounded. Here and in Europe men hummed them in the street, or as they invited their souls in country solitudes to the tunings of loot and vile. Ladies murmured them to their lovers. Imagine that. The lady whispers sweet nothings in her lover's ish in she quote psalms at the different age. Now they have friends with benefits they're not quoting psalms. Now this is I don't know how true it is, it's a rabbinical tradition. It's their history, but we're told rabbinical tradition has it that the harp of David hung above his bed at night, that the night winds sang through the strings and that David spoke his inn most thoughts to the strings, as if to say almost the Lord himself accompanied David and the formulation of many psalms in the middle of the night. In the fourth century, Saint Ambrose remarked of these night thoughts of David quote this is the peculiarity of the Psalter that everyone can use its words as if they were completely and individually his own. Later on it makes this observation. The pilgrims brought with them two books of psalms. One in English translation made especially for the separatists by the Puritan Hebrew scholar Henry Ahnjworth. Now I knew that they brought the Ahnjworth Psalter over. I knew the the fellow who translated it was a Hebrew scholar but I didn't realize he made it specifically for them. They must have been held in high esteem by many of these brethren for this man to go to this effort and it was that Ahnjworth Psalter was used for public worship. In this the melodies appear unaccompanied and unadorned. William Bruce also brought another book another Psalter. The title of this one is The Psalms of David in meter to be sung in play upon the loot or farion I'm not even sure what that is. The sit turn I don't know what that is or base vile for private entertainment. It's a long title for us all to hear the Psalms appear like Elizabethan heirs the lovely Evan

