Why must they follow the traditions of men that they happen to be used to in their own generation and put those traditions over the exhortations of Scripture? Why? Why make that mistake and have it go for the next 40 years and you never be bothered by it? Why? And really, I'd ask that more even of ministers. It's their job to lead. How do we have our mind renewed? By the indwelling of God's Spirit at conversion, the mind is renewed, the heart is transplanted. We also have our mind renewed by the knowledge of God's Word. We have to study the Word of God and understand its precepts. And we have our mind renewed and this must be added to the other two by yielding to God's Word and implementing God's Word by faith for ourselves. It isn't just saying, I read it, I understand it and I say, I believe it. But then you never make decisions based on those principles because they may cause you there's something, something keeping you from it. People don't like it if you do it. Well then you're lacking the faith to implement it. But isn't that the root of salvation? Faith? Yes. When we yield to God's Word by faith, he renews our minds. We don't renew our own minds. We can't do that. There is an obligation that we have in order to allow the Lord to renew our mind. What obligation is that? We have to, well first of all, this is not up to us. We have to have God's Spirit in us. That's a work of God's sovereignty and conversion. But we have to read the Word because our minds are renewed by the truths of God's Word. So we must read the Word. We must study the Word. We must meditate upon the Word. We must be in the assembly of Christ and hear the preaching of the Word, one of the fundamental means through which God drives the Word of God home to our hearts. You must saturate ourselves for the Word and it wouldn't hurt. You must sing it. It only helps in the renewing of the mind. But it's God through His Word that renews the mind. We may do the reading, we may do the singing, but it is through that truth as it is grasped by the Holy Spirit that dwells in us, that our minds are renewed. It's God that renews the mind and gives us the comprehension and the zeal and the love to embrace it. Read and believe. Taste and see. That's the essence of it. So God in conversion and in an ongoing way through the illumination of His Spirit in us will take His Word and renew our minds, which is to say that God through His Spirit by opening up the Word and drawing us to His precept. David says, I love thy precepts. You ought to say, yes, I understand that. Then why don't Christians love the precept, Psalms, hymns and spiritual songs? They love the precepts. God gave them the way David loved the precepts. God gave him. God through His Spirit helps us to understand the Word, draws us to a love for His Word, and in doing all that, you know what He's doing to us? And we don't even know what's happening. He's making us teachable. We become teachable by the changing of our wills to conform to His mind, which is a sovereign act of God and the byproduct of salvation. If we consistently fail to see that, it may be salvation's life. You know, turn to Jeremiah 31. We're out of time here. With recent weeks, we've been preaching on Jeremiah 31 on a loy's day, being the chapter dealing with the new covenant. And speaking of this new covenant, verse 33, Jeremiah 31, 33 and 34, but this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel. After those days say at the Lord, I will put my law in their inward ponds, a work of God's sovereignty, and write it in their haunts, a work of God's grace.

