of mind and a rigor of spirit. And I think through the Psalms they were humbled by many expressions that are found in the Psalms of man's failures, his sins, in the trials that he faces, the fact that his life is just a his breath away from destruction and his weakness. That's all brought out in the Psalms. And yet at the same time in the Psalms by comparison and in contrast, we see the glory of God and the eternal nature of God and his sovereignty. And those two things side by side, produced in them both humility and boldness. It's a very wonderful mix that they had. It produced in one sense a fearlessness, but that has to be based on faith in God and a belief in his sovereignty. And so through the Psalms they learned of God's eternal election. And they were chosen of God. They would be the first one to tell you they don't know why and they didn't deserve it, but they were. And that makes a difference. And they believed in his providence. So if God before them, then truly who will be against them? Nobody that amounts to anything. And so this invigorated their worldview. So the spiritual and cultural blessings they brought to this nation were due in part. There's other things that enter into it. But it was due in part to their vigorous devotion to the scriptural mandate of the worshiping of God through the singing of Psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. I hope to be able to show you that a little bit this evening. Governor Bradford's history of the pilgrims. He was on the Mayflower and he was part of the Scrupe Assembly and he became their governor and served as their governor for so many years and he lived to an old age and he wrote their history. He had a little more first hand account of the pilgrims than in more thorough and more spiritual and from a Christian perspective than Governor Bradford's work on Plymouth Plantation. Now in the introduction to this book and interestingly I read from the introduction this morning which is by Francis Murphy who lived in North Hampton, Massachusetts at least he did when he wrote it in 1980. And I said it's an excellent introduction to this edition of Bradford's work. I got more I want to read from his introduction. His introduction is only a few pages but I think it's profoundly insightful and he writes this. Puritans also argued that the book of common prayer misquartered the Bible. They preferred the 1560 translation made by English exiles living in Geneva during the reign of Queen Mary to the version authorized by the national church. The Geneva Bible which is what they used was the first to number the verses. That's a distinction. The Geneva Bible that they used that was the Puritan Bible was the first Bible that broke down the Scriptures and put verses so that you can have a studious back and forth and reference and it can be studied. They were serious about studying the Bible and so that's how they made the Geneva Bible and everybody's picked up that sense. The Geneva Bible was the first to number the verses and was published in a pocket-sized edition, a great boon to the priesthood of all believers. The example of Paul was always before them. They wanted above all to return to a simpler church and to regain that passionate intensity that comes with true conversion. That's what they were looking for. There was too much high church nonsense going on in the Church of England and false doctrine and bad practice and they were looking to worship Christ according to their conscience as they understood the Word of God and get back to that simple form of the early believers in the first century. Now to do that there would be many things they'd want to take care of to get back to that most simple form for instance. The author writes, they disliked the use of the sign of the cross in baptism, Roman thing. What do they do that for? And the use of images to decorate churches they thought is too easily leads to idolatry and coming out of the Roman system that's how it was used. But this is what I wanted you to hear. They objected to the sound of organ music.

