of Judge Samuel C. Wall, who they get them singing as particular song, and they became more musically illiterate, and the public began to preach, you shouldn't practice singing songs. That's to make it worldly and about the song. And so the more holy you were, the less you practiced, and they became just more and more rules. And yet one note for every syllable, you couldn't have a syllable go over two notes, because if one of the two notes, it may somewhat mash the word. And there may be some truth to that, but it began to be that way. And so they began to lose their ability. And as he would be singing out a song and lining it out, the people would stop singing a certain tune, and then they'd start to moth into another tune that he wasn't singing, and he couldn't stop them, because the congregation would just start doing it, and you'd pull your hair out of your head, and it was just labor. And it wasn't that way at first. He says in 1698, the ninth edition of the Bayesam book, the ninth edition of the Bayesam book, presented New England with the first music printed in the colonies, ugly little book, showing in every page the sad fall of Puritan song, even though it was a Psalter. Psalm translations made in rugged defiance of all poetic or musicals that were written in all poetic or musical cadence. See, in other words, no, no, we can't have it make it, no, we need to be exactly precisely distinct as in every syllable in your Geneva Bible, and if it doesn't match too bad, and it just got to be, they were treating it like they were translating the Bible as being the Bible for study and preaching from. And a miserable 13 tunes, so you got 150 songs, but only 13 tunes, which would weigh you out eventually, clumsily printed with the names of the notes indicated by initial below the staffs for the ease of the illiterate. So, Psalm singing ended up developing in a sense really a bad reputation. The bad reputation didn't come from 1620 to 1640. The bad reputation came after those who were less stout in their spiritual determination and in their understanding had to prove themselves by being more fanatical, and they came up with more and more roof, and it destroyed Psalm singing because people, they made a flesh, you know, you get to take that into account. So, I found that interesting, but here's my question. How is it that the pilgrims and the Puritans were able to embrace so fully the scriptural practice of Psalm singing in the worship of the Lord when so many Christians, for instance, in our own day, refuse to sing the Psalms. And even after they, in this hardly ever happens, but even if they've been exalted, and a minister has said, look, Psalm, sins and spiritual songs, we ought to at least do it. And at least incorporate it, if not exclusively, but even after they're told about the Psalms, I can go on all day and victory out about the Psalms and talk about the beauty, the strength, the discipline, the rigor of the Psalms and how the breadth of its subject is a discipline we need instead of always thinking about what we want in the sweet thoughts and our minds that we like to contemplate. Sometimes we need the things we'd rather be thinking on something else, but we need the whole council of God, even in worship him. There's just a great discipline. It's a songbook given in the scripture. And yet you can point it all out and how many of them say, you know what? Let's get Psalm books and sing too. Why is it that the modern Christian won't do it? But the pilgrims were so eager to fully embrace Psalm singing. That's my question. I mean, after all, I think the exhortation to sing Psalms is not one that's difficult to comprehend. I think it's a simple subject. Maybe it requires a little more depth of understanding and study biblically and exegesis to come to the inclusion of an exclusive use of psalmity in the public worship in the assemblies. But to at least grasp the point that we should incorporate the Psalms in our worship of the Lord on the Lord's day, even if we sing some other things too, at least incorporate them. Why is it they can't do it? The principle, what I'm saying is the teaching of it is simple. That's the thing that gets me the most about this subject. There's nothing complicated about the exhortation. And even I think the simplest Christian can understand it. Turn to Colossians 3. I know we're familiar with these verses. I'm not sure how other Christians think of them.

