sing and emphasize the Psalms. Let me read to you what I'm talking about. There's one more lesson we can extract from Calvin's conversion. Calvin said, to this pursuit, I endeavoured faithfully to apply myself an obedience to the will of my father, but God by a secret guidance, by the secret guidance of His providence, and length gave me a different direction to my cause. In first, I was too oftenately devoted to the superstitions of popery to be easily extricated from so profound and abyss of myrrh. God by sudden conversion, subdued and brought my mind to a teachable frame, which was more hardened in such matters, well I'm going to skip that. So when Calvin described his conversion, he was so immersed in Roman Catholicism, no one could ever have thought we could think that he, if anybody would be converted, but he was, and he said the only way that happened was by a sudden conversion. And he described what that sudden conversion did for him. He says, it subdued his mind and brought him into a teachable frame. Okay? To me that's big. His mind in conversion was subdued by God, and there's no conversion without the subjugation of the mind, the renewing of the mind. And he says, in conversion, God gave me a teachable frame. That is the characteristic of the children of God by virtue of conversion. And that teachable frame of mind and that subjugation of his mind is an ongoing thing. In Romans chapter 12, you don't have to look it up, but when Paul says, and be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. So this takes place at conversion. I mean Calvin bears witness to that. We can look at plenty of scriptures, but it's also an ongoing thing of the sanctification of the mind. And we have to understand how a mind is renewed. This is important because we're trying to figure out how, what is it that makes Christians teachable? And the short answer is God. What if they're not teachable? Where is God? Did He fail them? Why are some professed believers unteachable? Why is it? And why do many resist and reject some of the simplest commands of Scripture? There was one woman that I knew got married and she was older. She was older. Been a Christian, you know, 25 years. And she married an unconverted man. There's nothing complicated about being not unequally together with unbelievers. But she said, well, I'm going to witness to him, maybe I'll bring him to Christ. And she was supposed to be very, very spiritual. She always gave testimony. She played the piano up front in the church I grew up in. And there's nothing complicated about that. Well, maybe it was a sin. Maybe she yielded to the lusts of the flesh. I don't know. Okay. But that's even more complicated than what I'm talking about. What would power us from becoming a something in people? The lust of the flesh? What is it? It doesn't make sense to me. Why can't some Christians seem to have their minds renewed concerning this biblical injunction to sing songs? Well, maybe more specifically, hey, they're not leaders in their church. Why is it some ministers can't have their minds renewed in such a simple and very naturally attractive exhortation? Sing the Psalms of David in worship to Christ, sing the word of God. Oh, yeah. But they don't say that. Why is that? Why must they follow the tree up? One of the reasons is because, well, we've always used this hymn book, or maybe in some churches now, we've always had this overhead projective with the contemporary Christian music on it. And this is all we've ever known. And that just seems so old and

