services, although the singing of Psalms in Unison was allowed. See, they were Psalmsingers. They were Psalmsingers. Now he says the singing of Psalms in Unison was allowed. When he says allowed that does not mean that the author is saying that the pilgrims just tolerated the singing of Psalms. That's not the intent of saying they were allowed. The Roman church didn't have the people sing. That's for the monks. That's for the professional singing class. The monks, we have nothing to do but scrub floors and sing Psalms and give to the poor. They'll do the singing thank you. So the Lord's people never had the opportunity to worship in song with their lips. They're almost anywhere in their lips unless they got out of the church and went out into the street would be the only way. But certainly can't do it in church. See, and so the the Puritans and the pilgrims allowed and not just allowed but fostered a brand new thing. Congregational singing. They believed in congregational singing and the priesthood of the believer and they sang the Psalms and they sang the Psalms exclusively. Now I have, here's my papers. I have a couple historical things I want to read for you. The first one is very short and I thought let me go to some secular sites. Like this is from MayflowerHistory.com. It's not a Christian site but it's MayflowerHistory.com and we read this. The pilgrims only sang actual biblical Psalms. They did not believe in singing hymns that were not direct biblical texts. Henry Ainsworth of an English separative church in Amsterdam wrote the Psalm book used by the pilgrims. They believed it more accurately translated the biblical Psalms into verse than other Psalm books. So when they came across on the Mayflower they had a Bible with them but they also had a Psalter and the Psalter they had was the Ainsworth Psalter. We have some from the Ainsworth Psalter before. I found a Psalm. I think it was Psalm 100. Saying out of that Psalter. But then we're given here. Let's see. We're given here. I think a very interesting history of the Ebb and Tide and the flow of music with the pilgrims and then the Puritans and particularly the generation that came after. So sort of a history of the music of the pilgrims. And so I was interested in that and you find out some little tidbits and it's not all great but it starts off that way but man enters into it in the course of time. Other people will come over on other boats and things change say. And so I found this extremely interesting. For instance I'm going to read a little bit here. So pay attention. I know I'm reading. On the day they left Leiden for America. So one of the pilgrims reported, I've read this quote to you before. This is from one of them that were there and I think this was at the home of William Bruchta because he had a larger home and the next day they were going to leave and depart from each other. And so it would be a sad potting on the bay there and but they would come together for fellowship that one last time the whole congregation of this group of assembly. So they wanted to have a time of fellowship and worship. And so one of them reports, quote, we refreshed ourselves after tears because they'd be potting with each other. Only a portion would be able to come over. We refreshed ourselves after tears with singing of songs, making joyful melody in our hearts as well as with the voice. There being many of our congregation very expert in music. Now most people don't think that about the pilgrims. Oh, there are a bunch of sourpuses. No, no. There were many of them that were experts in music. And indeed it was the sweetest melody that ever mine ears heard. And I think that's more the spiritual love and the fellowship more than it is the perfection of their singing. Sailing the open ocean, the Puritans set their night watches with a song and sang loud of God.

