If you have your Bibles, I want to spend most of our time this morning in Galatians chapter 5. But before we go there, let's go to the book of 2 Corinthians chapter 13. We've been looking the last couple of weeks at the work and the ministry of God, the Holy Spirit. And I trust that as we've looked at those truths that we can appreciate His great work in our lives, that if it had not been for the Holy Spirit that we would never, as Brother Bobby pray, we would never have love for God in our hearts. We would never believe in Jesus. We would never be trusting in Him for our salvation and for our redemption. Without the Holy Spirit, we could not understand the Word of God. Without the Holy Spirit, we could not pray. Romans 8 says that He helps our infirmities for we know not what we should pray for as we all, but He makes intercessions for us with groanings that cannot be uttered. And so the Spirit of God has a mighty and a powerful ministry in the lives of God's people. We remember even in the verse measure, we looked at that Jesus said to His disciples, it's actually good for you that I go away. Because if I don't go away, the comforter, the Spirit, the helper will not come to you. So in 2 Corinthians chapter 13 and verse 14, this last verse of this epistle where Paul is giving a blessing or a prayer wish, you might say, on the Corinthian church. And notice what he says here, the whole part is beautiful, but notice what he says about the Holy Spirit or the Holy Ghost. 2 Corinthians 13 verse 14, he says, the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all men. What a beautiful, beautiful prayer. What a prayer we should pray for one another, the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, this comprehensive, sufficient, abundant grace of Christ, the love of God, the Father. And then he says the communion of the Holy Ghost. And the word communion there is the idea of fellowship, of partnership, of sharing something together. If your heart is made to feed upon the Word of God, if your heart is made to rejoice in the Lord or praise God, what's happening is the Holy Spirit is taking the beautiful things of God and he's sharing them with your soul. He's taking the beautiful thing to the Word of God, the riches of the Scriptures, the riches of God and he's sharing them with your soul so that you also can delight in those things so that you can rejoice in those things so that those things can be real to you. And so we need the fellowship of the Holy Spirit. We need the communion of the Holy Spirit as he partners with us, as if we're equals to him, but as it were, as a partner, he comes along and says, look at here what I have, look at here what I can share with you. Look at what I can show you and he takes the good things of God, the riches of the table of God and it enables us to eat and protect of them. So the ministry of the Holy Spirit is a beautiful thing. Again, without him we could not believe, without him we could not rejoice in the Lord. Without him we could not have any victory over sinner, any spiritual growth. But now to bring it to a very practical level, God calls us, as Turn to Galatians 5, God calls us to walk in the Spirit, to walk in the Spirit. We have a responsibility. There's some things we can't do, right? We can't get ourselves born again. We can't wash our sins away, but there are things that God has called us to do. And as we have been brought from death to life, we've been made believers in Christ, we now are called to live a life in the Holy Spirit, to walk in the Spirit. In Galatians 5 verse 16, he says, walk in the Spirit and you shall not fulfill the less of the flesh. In verse 25 he says, if we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. Now that word walk is different in the original, it means to keep and step. As if you're marching in rank, you're marching in file in a military battalion, you're to keep and step, you're to marching step right along with the Holy Spirit. What does it mean to walk in the Spirit? What does it mean to live in the Spirit? Does it mean at a constant, emotional high? I'm starting to tell you it doesn't mean that. Just doesn't mean that. I heard of a preacher one time way up in the mountain somewhere, they had some odd traditions. The people said when the preacher somehow had a trick, I kid you not, that he could kind of throw off his coat. When he got really excited in the middle of the ceremony, he could throw off his coat. And now he's in the Spirit. Now folks, there's something to emotions and there's something to real work of the Holy Spirit. We can confuse emotions for the Holy Spirit. We can confuse tears for the Holy Spirit. We can confuse dreams and visions for the Holy Spirit. We can confuse all kinds of things for the Holy Spirit. So the Bible tells us what it means to walk in the Spirit, to live in the Spirit. We'll probably say,

