it's everything. He's all the profit that we need. And so in Christ the Spirit of God leads us to liberty, leads us from this yoke of bondage of having to work our way into the favor of God. But this is not only true brothers and sisters in the initial work of God's conversion in our heart. This is true throughout the Christian life. We have to come back to this over and over again because sometimes very conscientious believers which we all should be, we see begin to be so diligent and we ought to be very diligent that we think eventually that our diligence and our dedication and by our willpower and some power by our own doing, we're going to somehow get ahead. But you know what what do you say in chapter three, chapter three, verse two. He says, this only would I learn of you. Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith. Are ye so foolish? Me Paul's kind of getting on him here. Are ye so foolish? Having begun in the Spirit, are you now made perfect by the flesh? In other words, by your own abilities. Here's the reality. Here's the bare facts. It is by grace that we are saved. It is by grace that we continue to be saved. It is by grace that we will finish the race. It is by grace. It is by grace. It is by grace. Does this mean well good? I can kind of relax. I don't have to be so diligent now in raising my children. I don't have to be so diligent in reading the scriptures because I'm good. That's not what he's saying. But the point is we're diligent as Paul said in 1 Corinthians 15, Paul said, I labored more abundantly than anybody did. But it wasn't me. It was the grace of God which was with me. And so we don't trust in our ability and our works and our efforts are saying, Lord, I want to serve you. I can flip you three. I want to press toward the mark to the prize for the high calling of God. I want to give it my everything. I want my whole life to be a sacrifice to you. But this is all from Thanksgiving and gratitude. It's not to somehow earn extra points with you or manipulate you or anything like that. Sometimes people think, if I just do enough, God's going to give me what I want in my prayers. I can kind of bargain with God. If I'll be really diligent, now start coming to church all the time, then that stuff I've been praying for that God hadn't been given. He's going to give it to me. You know what that is? That's just playing God. That's just playing Him off as if He's whatever. Listen, we ought to serve God because we love Him, right? We got to love Jesus because we love Him. We got to follow Him because we want Him. And if He gives the other blessings, wow, we'll praise Him for it. And if He doesn't, we're okay because we've got Him. So the Spirit of God leads us to liberty, to freedom, to not trusting in our own power and our own resources. Listen, you and I don't have enough in the tank, do we? We don't have enough in the tank. We need fresh, continual supplies of His grace, which is the great work of the Holy Spirit. Like we mentioned last time, not by my, nor by power, but by my Spirit, say, of the Lord. Remember that image in Zechariah of the lamp stands and the lamp's got to have some oil to keep burning and the olive trees are there. And the prophet is like, what does all this mean? He says, here's what it means, not by my, nor by power, but by my Spirit, say, of the Lord. The Lord gives the sustaining, continual supply of grace that we need to run this race. The Spirit of God leads us to the liberty that's found in Jesus Christ, the true freedom, freedom from the curse of the law, freedom from trying to earn our own way into His favor, freedom from trying to pay God off with our own currency, but rejoicing in the riches, the true riches we have in Christ. But farther down in the chapter, the next thing we notice is this, the Holy Spirit leads us to liberty into the right use of liberty. This is important. The Holy Spirit leads us to liberty, but to the right use of liberty. So sadly, because we have sinful hearts, we can even take the good things of God and misapply them and abuse them. We can't even take the good things of God, the precious truths of God and even mess those up. So Paul is quick to say here in verse 13, for brethren, ye have been called into liberty. Praise God. Only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another. This is important, isn't it? This guy at Romans 6, shall we continue and sin that grace may abound God for a minute, right? Why has God given you such tremendous liberty in Christ? It's a good question, isn't it? Because he's done it. And God has given us free to praise the Lord. Why? Paul says God has not made you free from having to work your way into God's love, but he's done that not so you can start sinning all you want, not so that you can live like the world, not so that you can give into the sinful desire to have your flesh. God has not called you to liberty, and I'm sorry, God's called you to liberty, but

