the lush of the flesh. For the flesh lusteth against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary the one to the other so that you cannot do the things that you would. But if you be led of the spirit you're not under the law. Now the works of the flesh are manifest which are these. Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, invings, murders, drunkenness, revelings, and such like. Of the which I tell you before, as I have told you in time past, that they which do or practice such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance, against such there is no law. And they that our Christ have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, inving one another. So in this chapter let's notice a few things of what it means to walk. To daily walk in the spirit, to be led by the spirit. And the first thing we notice is this, and this is important. This is foundational. You know this, but it's important. It's essential. The Holy Spirit leads us to liberty. He leads us to freedom in Christ. In this very context Paul starts out and says, stand fast. Holds are ground in the liberty where with Christ have made us free. And don't be entangled again in the yoke of bondage. What was happening here is that false teachers had come in among these believers and were teaching them that Christ is nice, but he's not enough. That you must add to Christ. And if you don't add to Christ, you don't get the benefit. You don't get salvation. And so instead of freedom, they actually had brought a yoke of bondage. They brought a yoke of bondage on these people saying pretty much it's on you to get yourself right with God. It's on you to make yourself clean and just and accepted with God. And so Paul is saying, we're not doing that. Here's what we're doing in verse 5. We through the Spirit. Here's how the Spirit leads us. We are waiting for we're eagerly looking for the hope, the expectation of righteousness by faith. See we, we have confidence that we're righteous. Not by us, but by faith. That is by looking to Christ. In Christ is our righteousness, not in ourselves. And this hope of righteousness by faith is found in heaven. And so we have joy. We have confidence. We have freedom. We're not trying to earn our way into the favor of God. The false a false gospel minimizes Christ. But the true gospel maximizes Christ. The false gospel makes Christ smaller and smaller in his work less and less potent, powerful, effectual, whatever. But the true gospel shows Christ to be mighty, glorious, sufficient, and shines all the spotlight upon him. And look at what was happening. He says in verse 2, behold, I say to you, if you be circumcised, as if they're trusting in this religious ritual of circumcision, to make them right with God. If you do that, if you're leaning on that, if you're trusting of what you can do, Christ shall profit you nothing. That's pretty serious, isn't it? If you're leaning upon this religious ritual that you're engaging in, Christ will profit you nothing. I'd say it to you. If you are leaning on your obedience, Christ will profit you nothing. Verse 4 says, he will become of no effect unto you. If you're leaning upon your family history, if you're leaning upon your saintly grandmother, as precious as you know, doubt was, Christ will profit you nothing. If you're leaning on any outward external performance that you have done, Christ will profit you nothing. It's kind of like this. Let's say you have somebody that you know and they come back from China and they bring you some Chinese currency. You say, well look at here. I've got some Chinese bills and you decide to go shopping and you go shopping and you pick out your stuff that you want and you go up to the cash register and you say, here's what I want. They said, there'll be $63 and 75 cents and you say, well here you give them that Chinese money. What are they going to do? They'll say, huh? What? We don't accept that here. We only take American currency here. You know what kind of currency that heaven takes is the righteousness of Jesus Christ. That's the only currency that heaven takes. Anything else is something that we produce. We might say interesting, nice, even morality. Listen, even morality. That's just what we produce. Just what we do. Not from faith, not from the Spirit of God. Just what we do in our natural way. It will profit us nothing. Let me tell you, Christ, Ralver.

