Why would we bite into vow or somebody in this way? Well, one reason is this, somebody gets in the way of what we want. I want something. I want it really bad. Somebody gets in the way of that. Maybe my wife, maybe my brother, maybe my brother in the church, maybe whoever, somebody at work, they get in the way of what I wanted. I didn't like that. I really wanted that. And so, boom! Here comes the harsh word. Here comes the bad attitude. Here comes the whatever. So what's happening in that moment is, as we were looking for, we were looking at what we wanted that we didn't get, and we're making that our end all. I didn't get that, so I'm going to fly off the handle. You can find out how passionate somebody is about something by threatening it, right? You can threaten what somebody with their favorite thing is, wow! You see, that's what they're passionate about. So why would we bite into vow or because I didn't get what I wanted and so boom! Here it comes. Whereas I should say, you know, I really wanted that, but that's not the center of my world. Let me get my focus back on Christ. He's the center of my world. He's my satisfaction. He's my fulfillment. Why else might we bite into vow or one another? And this happens frequently because we've been hurt by that person. Just like an animal that gets wounded and tends to lash back out, we might get hurt by somebody. They might really hurt us. And so then, a natural, but let's also put in parentheses, sinful reaction. Don't explain it away, write a sinful reaction, I'm going to get back. Because that hurt and the way that I'm dealing with this hurt, I'm going to boom! I'm going to hurt them back. I've got to defend myself. I've got to stick up for myself. And so I'm going to bite into vow or two because they hurt me. Whereas the Godly response says, Lord, that hurt, but help me to forgive them. Lord that hurt, but help me to walk in long suffering. Lord that hurt and if I need to deal with that conflict, help me to do it in a patient, godly way. Not you gave me one, I'm going to give you two. But in a way of walking with Christ, of being tender-hearted and willing to forgive and willing to patch up this problem. If you bite into vow or why else? Might we bite into vow or because somebody says, I want to prove I'm right. I want it to go on record that I was right about this because I get great satisfaction out of being right. You ever met anybody like that? Sometime in the mirror we meet them right. I want to be right. And I might be wrong, but I don't want to admit it. So I'm proud and I'm stubborn. And would you admit you're wrong? It's a sign of weakness. You don't want to be weak. That's just about your garbage, you know that. What did Jesus say? Walk in meekness. Whereas your will is a, hey, I was wrong. I totally was wrong. I was passionate about my position, but I was wrong. You know, I have to tell myself that a lot. There is a distinct possibility I could be wrong. That's a newsflash. There's a distinct, I could be on the wrong end of this deal. But we might be so proud and so stubborn and so determined to be right. And we're willing to bite, devour, say harsh things, give the cold shoulder to do whatever. And Paul says, God did not call you to liberty to live that way. God didn't give you freedom to devour each other. God gave you freedom to love and serve one another. So then he says in verse 16, this I say, then walk in the Spirit and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. Let us live under the influence of the Holy Spirit. Live under His control. Just as that excess of drink would affect me totally, may I be affected in my thinking, in my attitudes, in my spirit, by the Spirit of God, by the Spirit of God. Well, then he says this in verse 17, because the flesh is lusting against the Spirit. And the Spirit against the flesh and these are contrary to the one or the other so that you cannot do the things that you would. The Spirit can't fully, we can't bear forth all the fruit we would like to bear because we're struggling with the flesh. But here's to on the flip side, here's the good news. The flesh is not all powerful. Isn't that great? The flesh is not king of our hearts any longer why because the Spirit dwells within us. Let me give you some encouragement. Today if you fight, not if, because we fight with our flesh, is that you, if you are in Christ and Christ is in you, you are not powerless in your fight against your sinful nature. That is so encouraging to me. I hope it is to you. If you're in Christ and Christ is in you, or you don't have to just raise up the white flag and say, I'm done, I can't do anything. But the Spirit of God lives within me. I have the Word of God. I have prayer, sweet hour of prayer, I can cry up to God. Lord, give me strength. How many curred my tongue in this moment? I'm going to guard my thoughts, guard my eyes in this moment because I'm not powerless against the flesh because I've been Christ and Christ has set me free. So walk and live under the influence of the Spirit. Let me ask you this question. Who are you yielding to?

