and it gives us a definition of what blasphemy against the Holy Ghost is. He said, whosoever speaks against the Son of Man shall be forgiven him, but whosoever speak against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him. Neither in this world, neither in the world become. Can I tell you something? Blast for me against the Holy Ghost is speaking against him, denying his position, denying his person, denying his power, denying who he is. Can I say something? You don't get born again without the Spirit of God. You say why? Because the Spirit of God, I hear go again, I get the mess when I preach these kind of things, but the fact of the matter, I believe that the Bible says that no man come with under the Father except he be drawn of the what? The Spirit exactly right. So you can't deny the Holy Ghost and speak against him and expect him to draw you and say, you need to be in the right place. Number one, God denies are going to hell. Number two, Spirit blasphemers are going to hell. Those who blaspheme the Spirit of God. But now in those two categories, we would probably think of the extreme. We would probably think about men like Hitler. And we would probably think about it in spirit blasphemers. We would probably think about men by the name of Anton Lave. Does anybody know who Anton Lave is? Anton Lave is the man who's the founder of the Church of Satan. We would think about a man like that when we would talk about people that would blaspheme the Spirit of God and men that would blaspheme or that would deny God, men like Hitler. But I want to talk to you about this third area of people who are going to hell. And that's Christ rejecters are going to hell. Tonight, I want to say this, you cannot make it to heaven and reject Christ. You said, preacher, I'm working hard and I'm working. I like it. Oh, song will work to Jesus. Cause will work. And you're working and you're working and you're working and you're working and you're conforming and you're doing and you're doing and you're conforming and you're doing and you're working. But the fact of the matter is, is you have no relationship with Jesus Christ. The Bible said in Luke chapter 13 verse number 23, the Bible said, then said, one unto him, Lord, are there a few that be saved and he said unto them, strived in here at the straight gate. He said, for many, I say, under you, we'll speak, we'll seek to enter in and shall not be able. For once the master of the house has risen up and has shut the door, shut to the door. And you begin to stand without into knock at the door saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us and he shall answer and say unto you, I know not which you are. But then you shall you begin to say, we have eaten and drunk in thy presence and thou hast told in our streets, but he shall say, I tell you, I know not which you are, but it's part for me, oh ye workers of iniquity. I'm reminded of a story in the book of Acts chapter number 26 about a man by the name of King of Gripah. You'll find in previous verses that Paul is being brought and presented before King of Gripah and he begins to testify, and he begins to tell, and I'm not going to take the time to go through all of chapter 26. But even as he gets close to the throne, there's a man by the name of Festus that looks at him and said, Paul, he said, you're, he said, much learning that's making you mad. He said, you've gone so crazy with this Jesus stuff, this change, life stuff, this, this work of Christ in your life. You've gone nuts, you've gone nuts, it's just what you've learned, drove you nuts. And he said, most noble Festus. He said, I'm not crazy. He said, but I speak for the words of truth and soberness. And then he makes this statement, my memory certainly, correctly, I didn't turn it there, but he said, the King before whom I stand, knows that I'm speaking the truth. And then Paul looks over at lost King of Gripah and he said, believe us thou the prophets. And before Gripah even has a chance to respond, Paul said, I know that I believe us. He said, because this thing was not hidden or done in the corner.

