We're in the second major section of the book of Isaiah. This section which runs from chapter 13 in Isaiah to chapter 24 announces the ultimate day of the Lord at the end of the age, at the end of time. But it also in it Isaiah announces God's judgments to come on Gentile nations during his time and in the years and decades following the time of Isaiah. Back in chapter 13 where this section began, Isaiah wrote of both the final judgment on all men on the last day and of God's judgment on Babylon in the sixth century BC. At the time Isaiah is writing, a Syria which is in the area of what would now be Turkey or Andorraan was still in power. It was the major world power. Babylon wasn't going to become a world power and therefore fall for another hundred years after the time Isaiah is writing. So he's writing of Babylon's fall a hundred years before it ever became the leading world empire. But Isaiah prophesied of his fall here and he wrote around 700 BC. Babylon fell in 538 BC. Babylon became an earthly kingdom in 612 when it defeated a Syria. But remember Babylon is also a symbol of the wickedness of all earthly kingdoms. And I put those passages in from Revelation again in your scripture sheet. I'm not going to read them against the night. But we see Babylon here as a symbol of all of the wicked kingdoms of the earth and it falls when Christ returns. Isaiah had a fourfold calling to reveal things about the promised Messiah, which he's done in chapter 7, 9 and 11. Secondly to assure the faithful of that blessed assurance of the glorious victory God would bring and the glorious future and kingdom that awaits those who trust in him and believe him. Third, Isaiah was called to announce a day of the Lord, a day of judgment on the whole world would come and forth that during this time of this age God would come in judgment against wicked nations on the earth. These judgments though he uses other nations are coming from God. If you look at chapter 13, verse 17, we have the Lord speaking through Isaiah saying, I am going to stir up the needs against them, the Babylonians who will not value silver or take pleasure in gold. So God is going to stir up the needs against the Babylonians. In Jeremiah 25, 9, he says, I'm going to send Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon against Judah. So God is using even wicked earthly kings to execute judgment against wicked earthly nations. The message of course is directed to the people of Judah, the people from whom Christ would come. According to them, there is going to be judgment and it should have caused them to understand that severe punishment would come upon them if they didn't repent. Now we have a really interesting passage here and beginning in verse 9 of chapter 14, Isaiah presents this imaginative vision of a visit to Shail. Shail is the realm of the dead and it's a realm where the dead spirits are in effect. I'm going to read our passage. Let's just start in verse 9. Shail from beneath is excited over you to meet you when you come. Now this is the Babylonian king. It arouses for you the spirits of the dead, all the leaders of the earth. It raises all the kings of the nations from their thrones. Now they, speaking of those in the tombs, in the grave, in the realm of the dead, will all respond and say to you, even you have been made weak as we. You have become like us. Your pomp and the music of your harps have been brought down to Shail. Maggets are spread out as your bed beneath you and worms are you're covering. Now this is the king. This is what's happening to the highest ranking person on earth at that time. How you have fallen from heaven, O star of the morning, son of the dawn, you have been cut down to the earth, you who have weak in the nations. But you said in your heart, I will ascend to heaven. I will raise my throne above the stars of God and I will sit on the mount of assembly in the recesses of the north.

