in ministry through the more than 60 verses that say one to another. This is how we fulfill and develop our paraclete in ministry through the over 60 verses in the Bible that says one another. Now shout them out what are some what another's in the Bible. Love one another. Forgive one another. Encourage one another. Edify one another. What else do we have? Pray for one another. Bear one another's burdens. Help them carry those burdens. And it talks about visiting the sick and those that are in jail and the widows and coming alongside of them. Love one another. Be devoted one to another. So when I'm thinking that my idea is the best and I have to have the final word and I want what I want and so I'm going to try to force a decision. What do I need to remember from Philippians chapter 2? Is steam others more than yourself? And so you don't know it all and you have no right to impose your will upon other people in the church in on top of it give ultimatums. Submit one to another. Remember that verse submit one to another. Our task is a church with the leaders through prayer evaluation study conversation. Our task is to gather discover what the Holy Spirit wants us to do and what is the best way to do it and then do it with this help. But it's not about you or me. It's about God and what the Holy Spirit wants us to do in our local equal system here in what works best in today's culture and discover that together and with God's help do it. Be patient with one another. Be kind to one another. Oh we were seven kids. You think there was some fighting going on? I heard this one all the time. Be kind one to another. To your brother. To your sister. Bear one another. Forgive each other. Monish one another. Correct one another. Do not slander. Do not judge. Live in harmony with one another. Offer hospitality to one another. Encourage one another. That is how we fulfill our prayer. So let me share with you here on the screen some final applications. Where does our pericleting ministry start? I believe it starts with your marriage. Marriage is the most intimate pericleting ministry that God has created the one flesh marriage. And God has called you to come alongside of your spouse to edify and perically and aid and help your spouse. God never called us to come alongside of our spouse to beat our spouse down to insult our spouse to abuse our spouse physically sexually economically verbally. God never called us to come alongside of our spouse and take advantage of our spouse and beat them down and have them living in fear of us because of our anger. Watch out, dads. Dad's upset today. Oh, thanks for telling me. Watch out, moms on the warpath. So we have to tip toe around the house for years because people live in fear of you because of your anger. And we attack our spouse. Your spouse is not your enemy. I know you have conflicts, but your spouse is not your enemy. Do not attack your spouse. Your enemy is your selfishness. It's your flesh. It's your sin. It's a world. It's a devil. Your enemy is not your spouse. Your spouse is a gift of God. Do not attack your spouse. Attack the problem. If you need counseling help, get counseling help, but do not attack your spouse. God never called us to come alongside of our spouse in this most intimate, pericleting relationship to beat our spouse down in attackers, in humiliate us, in abuse, abuse our spouse. What's the matter with you? Why do you always have to act this way? Why are you like this? What's wrong with you? How many times have I told you not to part the car so close to the garage door? You can get in. I can't. I bumped the door against the wall. I'm shipping the paint. How many times have I told you? When are you going to learn? Why can't you be like your father? Everything is a mess. Why can't you be more like your father?

