And maybe you can't identify with Moses there. Maybe your life has never been so difficult for you. You haven't faced pressures like Moses has. And if you've never faced the pressures that Moses has, then do not be too quick to judge Moses for collapsing and thinking that you would stand. Or maybe another person who sees there and says, Moses, why are you so burdened about this people? But it could be because you don't have a heart of love for others like Moses had. And you don't have a spiritual concern for others because you've also never come to see the value of your own soul. That's why the spiritual condition of others doesn't so burden you like it boasts burdens Moses here. And also, be careful with your being so quick to say that Moses is bad and being content, not to understand his burden. He who thinks he stands, take heedless, he fall, the scriptures say, fall under pressures much less than Moses faced. Maybe there are ones here who do feel that. You don't have two million complainers that you have to care for as a burden too heavy for you. Maybe it's only your own family, your own spouse, and it's too much for you. And a mother can think, did I give myself these children? You love them. You care for them. But at times it's too much. You can't handle it. And a man may not have two million people that he has to please. But he has work and he has pressures at work and he could feel it's too much for me. And the office bearers may not have two million people in a congregation for your pastor. But there may be moments when you say the work is too much. I can do it. And when you see the needs that there are and the spiritual needs that there are in the midst of the congregation and you feel so very helpless in the midst of those needs and you can become so discouraged. You as office bearers, just as Moses was, as this great office bearer of the people. There could be a more general way that you are overwhelmed just with life, with life. All the pressures and all the burdens and life seems to be one great burden. Maybe even and maybe you don't say it to other people, but you understand when Moses says that going on this way will just be a torturous death. And you can't go on. Or maybe it is in the way of Moses here who feels that God's disfavor is upon him because life is so difficult, must mean that God is against him and that overwhelms you and that sinks you down. It can be so many different ways in which there is something of what we have in Moses here in your heart this afternoon. Then you can be glad that the Holy Spirit inspired Moses to record these sayings because maybe you thought you were the only one who was overwhelmed and overburdened and everyone else they seemed to sail through life as someone said to me a while ago. They seemed like the sun is always shining and the smooth sailing in there he was with his life falling to pieces. You thought you were the only one they all say the right words but you have so many thoughts that are so different. They boil up, oh God why are they making life so difficult? Why am I so burdened? It's too much for me. I don't say these things in order to put thoughts in anyone's mind. But I say it because they may be there already. Overwhelmed, overburdened. Where do these thoughts come from? For Moses people have been complaining and Moses was right to be angry with their complaining but in the process he caught some...

