on thrones judging the 12 tribes of Israel. That's interesting. You know the apostles were transition men. There were Israelites. Totally Israelite, not Christian, but regenerated Israelites except Judas. Before the church ever was created. And then when the church was created on the day of Pentecost, they also then became what? Bonified 100% Christians, members of the body, and pride of Christ, their transition men. Representing therefore the connection, apparently, between Christ and his church and Israel now regenerated on the earth. You see God is very unhappy with people, according to Zechariah chapter 2, who oppose his people Israel because he says, whoever touches the apple of his eye will be destroyed. That's the pupil, the most tender, delicate part of our body it seems. And that's what God said to Abraham 4,000 years ago, if any man, if any nation or person hates you, I'll curse them. God must mean what He says. And when that great inaugural banquet takes place, and all opposition has been removed, then what's gonna happen? Verse 16 to 19. And it shall come to pass that everyone that is left of all the nations which came up against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King, the Lord of hosts, and to keep the Feast of Tabernacles, to Feast of what? Tabernacles. You know, that was the big feast by the town, the Old Testament, and it read the book of Nehemiah. They had a great Feast of Tabernacles that Ezra was able to implement into the finest details to such an extent that it had never been observed so carefully, so biblically, ever before in the history of the nation. What is the Feast of Tabernacles in the Jewish calendar? It's the final feast in the seventh and last month, harvest time, day of atonement has passed, the tenth day you see of that seventh month. Feast of Trumpets has passed, the first day of that seventh month gathering all the nations and then the repentance as they see Messiah and mourn for him. And then Tabernacles, the 15th to the 22nd of that seventh month. And what does that mean? That means God has come to dwell at last with His people. And so you build a little booth, and you have a little Tabernacle, and that means Lord come and Tabernacle with us. And someday He will, and the whole thousand years is Christ Tabernacling with His people in Jerusalem. Visible, at least on the Feast of Tabernacles occasions each year, because that's the year, excuse me, that's the particular week of the year, that all the Gentiles of the world will come to the Holy Land. Talk about the preparation of food and accommodations folks. This conference will turn out to be nothing compared to that, not to despise what's being done here. But think billions of people will come, and there won't be any mecca friends, there'll be a Jerusalem. We were in Malaysia a year and a half ago, and we were in a hotel in Kuala Lumpur, capital of Malaysia. We looked up at the ceiling of our motel room and there was an arrow. Let's see, what's this for? And we asked and guess what the arrow is for. The direction you have to pray toward mecca. Well, every motel in the world will perhaps have an arrow pointing not there, but to Jerusalem, because that's where you're going every year for a thousand years during the Kingdom Age to worship the King, who will be there visibly, personally, physically, and you will be under the jurisdiction of Zedocchi and Prius, according to Ezekiel's clear detailed explanation of the whole program in chapter 40 to 48. In Jeremiah says, yes, there will be a, there'll be priests there, because God will fulfill every inch and ounce of his predicted program, the Davidic covenant and the covenant of God's promise toward Eliezer and Phineas of an everlasting priesthood and Zedoc. They'll be there. Verse 17 and to Shelby, that Husa will not come up of all the families of the earth and to Jerusalem to worship the King.

