No peace, he fights. There's never been a time when all the world was at peace. Never ever in the history of the universe has there ever been a time when everybody just said, it's always peace. There's always been murders, there's always been wars, there's always been fighting, there's always been this evil that exists within man and it's manifested itself through, again, murders, war, destruction, man's inhumanity to man. It's throughout all history and that's what Paul is sort of summing up and recognizing. Instead of peace, we've had destruction and misery. All right. Then he sums it all up and he says, verse 18, there is no fear of God before their eyes. We dealt with this statement a few weeks ago when we were looking at Psalm 36 and it's a summary statement which identifies really the root cause of man's problem. Why do we have such wickedness? Why is there sin in the world? Why do we lock our doors? Why do we make sure that we better sign on the dotted line? Better sign on this because why? Because it'll sue you if you don't, if you get it wrong. You better make sure you get that sign. You better read that contract before you sign it. Why do we do that? Well, because there is no fear of God before man does not fear God. He chooses sin over holiness. He does not have a fear of God as he should. And it's a universal problem. It's a universal problem mankind. He is under sin. And because he is under sin, he cannot obtain righteousness on his own. There's no way that he can do it. He does not want to do what God would have him do. In fact, he wants to do the opposite. He wants to commit sin. Man desires sin. So what does that mean? Well, it means that we're all under sin. Just as he said, we're under sin. We're under the influence of sin. And that's our nature. So then how can someone who has that nature ever be right before God? I mean, how can anybody whose nature is a post to God ever be just with God? See, that's the dilemma that all mankind is in. And the fact is because our nature is so opposed to God, because we're the pig that can clean us up and they can put perfume on us and even lipstick, we can do all that, but we're going to quickly, as soon as we can, return to the mire. Why? God's our nature, all right? So then how then can there ever be anybody who does right and good before God? Well, he has to be born again. I mean, because we are so opposed to God, we've got to be made new. We've got to have a new heart. And that's really the gospel. That's the gospel. And that's where Paul's leading. Paul is going to lead up to that. He's trying to show, okay, man is under sin. And this is what that looks like. And then he's going to show us the power of the gospel. Now, I want to spend a few moments, maybe, dealing with an issue that comes from this idea of the depravity of man that we need to understand. Because some people take the doctrine of the depravity of man further than what I believe the scriptures would allow. Specifically, there are those who teach that the depravity of man means that man is so sinful, so opposed to God that he is incapable of responding to the gospel. He's not capable of responding to the gospel. And so what they say is, in order for a person to be safe, he must first be regenerated so that he can then believe. So in other words, the regeneration is the new birth. So he's saying, in order for you to believe the gospel, you have to be born again. So that's what they teach. They teach that first comes the new birth, then comes faith. And some even a go so far is to say and teach that a person could be born again even as an infant, but not believe until years later. And that's what they would teach. Now, the Bible, I think, teaches something different that. And I'll deal with that in just a moment. But I want you to think just for a moment about the implications of that if it were true. So if man is incapable of responding to the gospel, that he must be regenerated.

