And the Lord Jesus Christ never said, did I ask for these people? These are too much for me. He received all those people upon His shoulders and He carried them. And He did not simply carry them in the way that Moses did. He carried all their sin and all their guilt. He carried that burden alone. And there was none to help Him. There were no seventy who could contribute and support Him in the work. He carried that whole burden alone. You see Him in the garden. If it be possible, let this cup pass from me. It was for the less not my will, but I will be done. He didn't say I can't handle this anymore and take it away. No if it be possible, but He knew it wasn't possible. And He went on carrying that burden of guilt and of sin. He did not ask why has thou afflicted me enough? I not found favor in thy sight. But He did ask. My God, my God, why has thou forsaken me? forsaken. The beloved of the Father forsaken. What a burden, what an anguish. And yet not too great for His shoulders to bear as the Son of God in the flesh. He did it to purchase every blessing and grace for a sinner this afternoon whose runs stuck. It says, I can't go on with my burden of transgress. Sinner that says everyone else seems to find it so easy, but I don't. He's the one who took that great burden of sin upon Himself to be able to take it away from someone here who can't go on with that burden. He's the one who takes it away, confessing it to Him. Do not see what a gracious Savior this is. That your helplessness would make you despair of all your own resources and all your own goodness, lead you to fall down before Him alone. The helper of the helpless, the Savior of sinners, because He bore that burden. He not only saves, but He also carries His people all their life long. Isn't that amazing? Moses will atask. Do you think of what a task for the Lord Jesus to carry all His people in His arms? Those ones who never seem to learn. Those ones after all that He has taught them, still forget it again and go their own way. You could begin with yourself, child of God. What are you? Say, when the Lord Jesus say, did I ask for a person like this? After all the grace I've shown, so little thankfulness and so little devotion to me, and yet He doesn't let go and He doesn't drop that burden, but He carries it all the day. Salvation is secure when you're in His arms. You may be overwhelmed. You may not know how to continue on, but it's about Him. Him who says a bruised, reed, shall He not break, and the smoking flak shall He not quench. Till He bring forth judgment unto truth, He shall not fail nor be discouraged. You may be discouraged. He will not be discouraged. He will not fail. He will carry until He has brought to that promised land brought home and you're safe in His arms. Would you rather be? Maybe overwhelmed, maybe burdened in His arms. Rather than to enjoy all the pleasures of sin for a season. There and there alone is a place of safety, a place of supply, and this is the greatest

