No, he will awaken his church just before he comes. As then he says, the church will be like 5, 5, 4, 5, 5 wives. And the promise is to be prayed for. And you have a promise I have, and I know you bring the day and night before dawn. You are best hours. And the wife sometimes you are so affected that you say, I don't know anymore. But they should pray with supplications. But on the promises of God, not your desires, but his desires. And the word the as is means, even if he wouldn't answer me, I can't say anything. But I still back and continue to back. It's the prayer of a beggar. My dear, it's the prayer of a beggar. The beggar has no rights, then only prayed for grace. And his rights, if you are a Christian, are God's rights. And his promises he will fulfill, and the wise God is no God anymore. Secondly prayers. Impress the word for prayers is worship. I have a different question for you. Meet your worship, and even if he doesn't listen to you, and you will hear. Would you worship God as God, because he gives us, but only is? If he wouldn't give you anything anymore, would you still worship him? If he would say to you, I have to chat with you. Would you worship him? For God has God. Let's praise. Most be during the night, sometimes during the day. No, yeah. Supplications and prayers, night and day. You know, supplications and prayers in the most dark hours of your life, prayers and supplications. Night and after the night comes a day. Jacob wrestled with a man. No, God wrestled with Jacob one, during the night. And when the sun was rising, he was set free. And he got the promise. God exercises his people. Do you understand me? Or am I fool? God exercises his people mostly in the dark hours of your life. When it seems to be that the sun is not shining anymore. It seems to be all over. But after the night, dear friend comes a day. The sun was shining, no late. Day and night, and I had it. She was 84 years. How long had she prayed? Pleading on the promises, begging not worthy. But worshipping him for himself, for his sake. As he has seen, I mean glory. Let's sing first that 251, 1 into 351, 1 into 2. O, dear Lord, I live my eyes. Who now enthroned above the spies, their servants, what's their master's hand and what's for?

