My spirit, that's what it's about. The God who calls is the God who gives his spirit to perform the task. He doesn't do one without the other. He does both. Even when you lose sight of it, Moses, he didn't see it anymore. He didn't feel the Holy Spirit filling him and strengthening him and giving him such wisdom and everything else. He didn't feel it. And yet God reminds him, I haven't taken my spirit away from you. He will abide. I will not forsake you. Through all that you feel, he will continue. Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, set the Lord of hosts. What a message that is. For someone who has a task from the Lord and who's overwhelmed by it, whatever that task be, my spirit. What a message that is, even for someone who may be feeling overwhelmed not because of his specific task. You find your whole life a failure. Because you haven't fulfilled the task God has for you. Which is a task that God gives to every one of his image-bearers, and that is to live to his glory and to his honor. And you sit in church as one who has dishonored God every moment of your existence and every breath that you breathe is one of dishonored to God. And you sit there with that calling, that calling to live to his honor. And you've made a failure of it your whole life. You sit there overwhelmed with that burden and you don't know where to begin. What do you need? His Holy Spirit whom he gives so freely, so graciously, to change your heart, to enliven you, to enable you, to make things new. More than here is voice speak in this passage of his Holy Spirit and let it direct you in the way of receiving that Holy Spirit. For Moses, the path forward, was to select these men. Would he do so? There he is overwhelmed. Would he seek that spirit? Would he seek to receive what God had said that he would give? It's this very word of God that rouses him from his knees and constrains him to heed that call. The Holy Spirit keeps Moses as a servant of the Lord. And so he goes out and he finds those seventy and he brings them around the tabernacle and there they are. And then what else would you expect congregation when you say and then what else would you expect them that the Lord is faithful to his word and does what he has said and his promised. And as they are there, Moses hears the voice of God speaking unto him out of that tabernacle of God where the cloud had come right over the tabernacle. More God speaks to Moses and we can be sure that though we don't know what God said to Moses, we know that God spoke in his favor to Moses. And there's nothing more precious. For one that's overwhelmed and burdened and doesn't see it anymore to hear the voice of God speak to you than that he shows he knows your need and he has a supply of everything you lack. Moses has found favor in the sight of God because when God spoke he was not consumed but he heard his voice. What grace this is not because Moses was in such a good frame and was so full of the exercise of faith but because God is so gracious and God is so faithful to his people. And God speaks again after all the wrong thoughts you've had of him. How humbling that is. Why, O God? Why, without speak, again?

