of the king, the Lord of hosts, even upon them, shall be no ring. They'll be cursed. It's not like the church age, correct? Friends of Isaiah said, chapter 60, verse 12, for the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish. Ye those nations shall be utterly wasted. Now watch what happens. Here's my speculation. After hundreds of years of going to Jerusalem, every fall to worship the king, some nations, at least theoretically, will begin to say, look, we're tired of this. Now let's have some variety here. Let's go somewhere else, or let's skip this year or something. And God will have a special way to communicate with him. They will then get the message and show up in Jerusalem. They say, well, where's the grace of God? The grace of God is you're even in the kingdom. And you're in that program, you'll do his will or else. Remember, Revelation says it, he will rule the world with a rot, a rot of iron. See, doesn't mean people are saved by works. It means that the program will be enforced physically. And anyone who steps out of line will drop dead. That's Isaiah 65, as we've seen. This is a very different kind of system than we are familiar with in the Church Age. Don't underestimate the differences. Now by that time, I suspect it'll be like it was in Psalm 137. When the Jews were first deported, the Babylonians tried to intimidate them, you know, to degrade them. You know, sing us one of the songs of Zion. We will never prostitute the things of God for cheap entertainment if our tongue ever sings that kind of song or our hand ever plays accompanying music for that kind of songs. May God curse us. If Jerusalem is not our first joy. But by the end of the Babylonian captivity, the vast majority of Jews couldn't care less about going back, you know that? So it'll be folks, let's face it, human nature never changes. They'll say, we're sick of this. We're not going up. Well, you say, no, wait a minute, no rain. Well, wonder if you're an Egyptian where there isn't any rain anyhow. Oh, God thought of that too. Next verse. And if the family of Egypt go not up and come not, that have no rain. There should be in a plague where with the Lord will smite the heathen that come not to keep the feast of tabernacles. This shall be the punishment of Egypt and the punishment of all nations that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles. Oh, I wonder if Egypt has ever remembered something like plagues. Presumably that will communicate effectively. They keep showing up just like Isaiah 19 says they will. Oh, friends, God has a perfectly tailored program of indoctrination and structure for every individual in every nation in the world exactly from where they are, their background, their perspectives. You know, in the first 40 years of the Millennium Egyptians will not be allowed to be in Egypt. They'll be reenacting the exile they forced Israel into. This is Ezekiel 29. They'll be saved. Yes, but they'll be chastened and reminded that in the Kingdom of AIDS, they'll be the least of nations, not number one. They'll be subservient to the Jews, regenerated Jews in the Kingdom. Talk about regenerated Jews. Look at these last two verses. In that day there should be upon the bells of the horses. Holiness under the Lord. And the pots in the Lord's house should be like the bowls before the altar. Ye every pot in Jerusalem and in Judea. In Judah should be holiness under the Lord of hosts. And all they that sacrifice shall come and take of them and see their boil therein. And in that day there shall no more be a king night in the house of the Lord of hosts. There will be legitimate kosher God instituted, re-instituted sacrifices as Ezekiel spells out in other prophets too. And it will be, indeed, like God said in Exodus 196, a kingdom of priests. And all of Jerusalem will just be vibrating with the holiness and the presence and the endorsement of the triumphant God as the place of public, international, global, legitimate worship. A standing, just like on the high priest's golden headband. Holiness under the Lord. We've been blessed to bring you this extensive series. Zachariah the Lord remembers here on Encounter God's Truth. We've delivered it to you in five parts over several years and there...

