looking, flesh relus, that's dangerous in the church, in opurity. And all pastors said to me, always, never go to a widow all by yourself. Take an elder along. It's better. Now, that's not because of the widows again, but because of the illness, the deacons, the ministers, both in opurity. And then he goes and speaks about the widows from, first of all, through 16. In the early church, the widows were deacons, not off in an office. But the older women, the older widows had a service of deaconery to be a deacon. Do you know one? Dorkas. She made clothes for the poor. Surreled the Lord. That was not an office to be a deacon, but it was the service of a servant for an older woman. But she had to be over than 60 years. For widows under the age of 60 should remain. It's clear. And then it makes the difference between widows and two widows. A widow means left alone, having no help. That's the widow. The widow is the type of the church even. God is the husband of the widow. In the church is almost and always sometimes, and you'll test them and already said to be a widow. You know the story of that old communist rider, and he was in Galvelin, Britain, the socialist. He was in the world time. He had a place in a Christian home of an old widow, but he said she was always depressive. I didn't know what Christianity was. And then one time I asked her and said, why are you always so depressive? You know what she said. My husband, the Lord Jesus, is in heaven. And I long for him. What's he like to walk earth? Anymore. And I heard that man saying it and I thought, hey, he got a true Christian, a true widow, left alone, waiting for her husband to come. The husband of the church, of the bridegroom, left alone here, he's in heaven, but he will bring the church home again. Now, well, we first see how Paul says that for the widow should be cared. Widow should be cared if they have children first of their children. Parents should be cared when they are getting older first by their children. That's repulsive. Not first by the deconery, by the decons of the church, by the money of the church, but first by the children of the widows. But there were some widows who had no children, no family left. Husband died. You know one, Anna. Anna, Anna. She was a widow. She had only lived with her husband, I think eight years or seven. She had been for a long time in widow. You know what she did? She was a true widow. Where was she always? In the house of the Lord and her husband was the Lord and we know what she did. Praying and begging, night and day. That's a true widow. May it to Jesus. In the house of the Lord.

