except that no one would expect God to be after the Ninevites. No one would say, oh yeah, the Lord wants them. They would say, God could care less about the Ninevites, but yet He said, Jonah, the preacher. Why? Because He had a desire to have a relationship with Him. That's what Jesus is getting across. You look at the Ninevites, but wait a minute, God wanted them, and they're going to be looking at you and saying, hey, what's wrong with you? I responded. Why not you respond to the preaching? How come you're not being affected by this? We, just like these Jews and Jesus' time, we wanted to claim a relationship with God based on heritage or tradition. Yeah, I have a relationship. What will we tell me about? Well, I've been in church all my life. Okay, but do you have a prayer time? Five or five? I'll tell you. I'm going to church all the time. Well, that's not the same. It's not just heritage. Oh, I grew up in church. My mom, my puppy was in church. My grandpa was in church. My great, grandpa was in church. Great. That doesn't mean you have a relationship with him. Do you know him? Is there a walk with him? You have this tenderness with him. See, God recognizes our relationship based on our hearing and keeping God's word. That's what brings us closer to him. The Lord is this way. The only way we're going to have relationship is for us to change and come where he is. The Lord is not going to say, okay, I'll go into your sin. We'll go in there. We'll sit in the bar together. Well, I know he's in the bar because he's everywhere. So, you know, God exists in all eternity. But there's no fellowship in the bar. There's no fellowship in the sin. If he's in the bar, he's there convicting you and kicking you and slapping you and making you miserable because he's chasing you. But yet, the Lord wants you to be close to him. That's what the Lord wants. Now, let's turn all the way back around when we talked about beginning. There are several reasons. Several reasons that Jesus came to earth and lived 33 sin this year. Maybe one lesson will try to list them out. There's probably about half a dozen or so. There are several reasons that Jesus came to earth. Now, the most obvious that we talk about, which is the big one, maybe number one in the list, the most obvious is they came to die for our sins. But that is not the only reason. It's the reindeer. They're landing. They're practicing the run. It's all right. Sanem, I mean, had to talk about that. I said, go ahead. The most obvious is that he came to die for our sins. But that's not the only reason. Okay. Another important reason that he came is to teach us the personal side of God. You know, all that we said really is exemplified because what we know about Jesus. If you read just it, there's a hint of it. There's a flavor of the Old Testament. But the Old Testament mostly is like, let me tell you, if you only, if only thing you knew is the Old Testament God, here's how you look at God. Why are we drawn to him? What teaches us this personal, this love? Okay. This part, this personal side, okay. Much of what we know concerning God's love and compassion is based on Jesus' life. I know God loves, and almost, if I ask you this, how do you know God loves you? Almost everything you're going to tell me is going to be something based on what Jesus did. He came to show us that a God, and by the way, if you also look at a New Testament, Jesus is the one who's accredited in the Trinity with being the creative part of God. That's in Colossians, I believe. So this is not like, you have God the Father, the Creator, the distant Father, and then you have the tender Son of God. No, okay. Father Son, Holy Spirit, they're all the same. And so God is both, yes, Almighty, but also very tender, desiring this closeness with us. So here's the last statement. This desire for God to have a personal relationship with us was a constant theme in his, Jesus' ministry. And you see it woven through all these different things going on. Still, he's always trying to draw them into this one-on-one personal relationship with them.

