And Zechariah chapter 2 verse 13, beside all flesh, before the Lord for his raised up out of his holy habitation. He is raised up in his holy habitation now, more than ever in the Lord's house, as Christ walks in the midst of the churches. So now verse 11 says, says, so the ark of the Lord compasses it, he going about it once and they came into the camp and lodged in the camp. So victory is long, right? They went around once. Good to go, right? Nope. That wasn't good to go. They didn't gain the victory. They came into the camp and lodged in the camp. Right. Well, why did we go through all this trouble and we didn't get the victory, didn't get the result immediately? In that what we're like, we want immediate gratification, instant gratification they say. But to obey, just simply obey is better than sacrifice. We can be busy as we can be in whatever realm of service you want to name. But if we are not obedient to God, it is nothing but a form of hypocrisy. But so now verse 12 we see and Joshua rose early in the morning and the priest took up the ark of the Lord in spite of the fact that it didn't happen right away. Joshua gets up early and he plomps others to do so. He was as it were, chomping at the bit to obey God. He didn't walk away and lily gag around and put it off and poke grass and ate. He got up early in the morning and the priest took up the ark of the Lord. And now verse 13 continues and says and the seven priests bearing the trumpet to ramps horns before the ark of the Lord went on continually and blew with the trumpet and arm went before them. But the re-reward came after the ark of the Lord and the priest going on and blowing with the trumpets. Now, let's look at this word trumpet again. This is a word sulfur that's first used there in a book of Exodus where the loud blast was to cause a nation of Israel to stand in all there at Mount Sinai. And it's mentioned here in this chapter 6, 14 times. But the interesting thing is that this word for ram's horns is actually the Hebrew word Yolbeu and it's used to describe the Jubilee. Now what was the Jubilee about? The Jubilee was about the fact that the land was given back. And it's interesting that we see a connection here between the ram's horns and the Jubilee horns or trumpets blowing and that they are now going in to possess the land. They're inheritance. Possessed. Take the promised land. And so we see that again this is like heralding the word of God. Heralding the holiness of God, his holy alarm and the sinfulness of sin and the damnation of the come is used of God to strike terror in the hearts of men of the ungodly to flee the wrath to come. But to the people of God as we would hear the heralding of the word of God it is designed and ordained to be glad Jubilee tidings for us to bring assurance to us. To bring joy to us as it redeemed of the Lord. Now we're seeing verse 14 and the second day that compassed the city once and returned into the camp so they did six days. Now again, Joshua did not, we don't have anything recorded here that Joshua gave them any details about how many times it was going to take and all this kind of stuff. They just simply obeyed. And Joshua, which is a picture of Jesus Christ, the captain of our salvation, when he says do it, we just simply do it because we trust him. We love him. We know he has our best interests at heart. There was no mention of how it's going to happen and when it was going to happen before these walls would be that it's going to be supernaturally collapsed.

