when somebody says, no, God, we're going to set aside your law and make our own. What are they saying about themselves? And what are they doing? They're putting themselves in the place of God. This is the real problem we have with all of these court decisions that go against Scripture. And unless such a leader repents, this will be his fate. That's taking God's place. You've weakened the nations as part of what he's done here. The weakness of leadership leads to what? It leads to the weakness of nations. Now, what about this Lucifer business? Well, it's common by now to find Satan referred to by some as Lucifer. We shouldn't do that. Lucifer is not a name for Satan. But here's what happened. The Latin word Lucifer means morning star. So morning star in Latin comes out Lucifer. Some of the early church fathers who were familiar with Latin, some spoke Latin, such as Tertullian, saw this verse here speaking of Satan. They thought this verse, speaking of morning star spoke of Satan, and applied the name of Lucifer, morning star to Satan. That's how that came about. And so if this is about the morning star, and if morning star is Lucifer, and if in this passage he's talking about Satan, then Lucifer is Satan. And the King James still translates the word here, which we have in most of our Bibles is morning star as Lucifer. But Lucifer is not a name for Satan. It's okay for the King James to use the term Lucifer as long as people understand it's not referring to Satan. Some say that when Jesus says I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven, is a reference back here. It's not. Here's the problem. When you have to look at the context, and the context here plainly shows that these statements here have to be in reference to an earthly King. Why is that? Because what's pictured here is the end of a guy's reign. It's all over, but Satan's reign isn't all over. And what happens? People read, they'll take these couple of verses, read them, and say, Ha ha, this is about Satan. You can't do that. You've got to read within the context of what's going on. And this whole context is the fall of a wicked Babylonian King. And we don't know which King, but we understand that that's what it is. And that his reign comes to an end. The fall of Satan wasn't the end of his reign. While he is bound right now so that he can no longer deceive those called by God from among the nations, he does remain the ruler of this age. And he continues to tempt even the people of God. But he can't deceive us. The gospel's not hidden anymore. Gospels all over the world. And Satan is bound in the sense that he can no longer deceive the nations. That's what Revelation 20 tells us. But until Christ came, Satan did deceive the nations. Only the Jews and few of them were believing in the promise of the Messiah. Satan is a deceiver. He's called a deceiver in Revelation 12. And this is what lies behind his power over tyrannical regimes, such as Babylon and in the world today. And yet there goes onward this spiritual conflict of battle against the rulers, the authorities, the powers of darkness against the spiritual forces of evil in the spiritual or heavenly realm, Ephesians 6, 12. Now, though Satan is not the one who's referred to here in verse 12, the actual reference being the king of Babylon, it is true that this king may be seen in a sense as a type of Satan. In the same sense that Babylon is a symbol of all the wicked kingdoms of the world. Satan's kingdom. Babylon is a term for Satan's kingdom. So to that extent as a symbol, maybe yes, but this is not speaking directly or literally of Satan's fall. The king is seen as somebody here who, like Satan, sought to usurp this title of Christ. Morningstar. If you look at Revelation 22 16, you see who is the Morningstar. It's Christ. I Jesus have sent my angel to test if I to you these things for the churches. I am the root and the descendant of David the bright morning star. Christ is

