But not only that. The Holy Spirit fills the seventy and they begin to prophesy. You can only imagine what beautiful words came out of their lips as a prophesied, filled with the Holy Spirit. Because what happens children when the Holy Spirit fills your heart, when the Holy Spirit fills your heart, then you begin to think good thoughts of God and you begin to speak good things of God. And we can be sure that the seventy began to speak to the praise of God. It is so beautiful. In the midst of all those murmuring and complaining people who were just wanting fish in garlic and onions and leeks, there were these seventy surrounding the tavernacle and in their mouths is filled. It is the praise of God, the greatness of this God, the God who delivered them out of Egypt with a mighty arm, the God who had cared for them there in the wilderness, the God who had revealed Himself on Mount Sinai, the God who had revealed Himself there in the tavernacle, the God who was a God of grace for the sake of those sacrifices and the blood that was being shed there in the tavernacle court. They spoke of this God and they spoke of His promises and they spoke of His greatness and they spoke of His glory. They prophesied of Him. Now what a message that must have been to Moses, who had been so overwhelmed and discouraged, thinking it was all about Himself and His own inability to be surrounded with the praises of this God. All you see how God is ministering also to Moses through this message about Himself in the mouth of these ones around Him who testify of Him. We want to as it were, stay here and just hear those, the message of the seventy, but as we are there with Moses, we notice a man running and he comes right to Moses. It is this Moses. Elded and Meadad are in the camp and they are prophesying as well. Elded and Meadad? Their names are written in the list of the seventy. I thought the seventy were here. Elded and Meadad didn't come to the tavernacle and we can have all kinds of speculation about why they didn't come but the point is they didn't come. And now they are prophesying there in the camp. And before Moses can respond, Joshua already has a response for him, already has advice for him. Joshua says, Moses, my Lord, Moses, rebuke them, forbid them, do not allow them to do that. They were disobedient. They didn't come to the tavernacle. They are wrong. They shouldn't be prophesying. They are so in discord in the camp so that people listen to them rather than coming to the tavernacle, rebuke them. But here we see the Lord has filled Moses. And he realizes it is not about Moses' honor. He says, Envious thou for my sake, Chris 29. Do you think that in prophesying there they are taking away my honor here? It's not about me. He knows they prophesy because the Spirit fills them and Moses has no desire to stand in the way and resist the Spirit of God when he is pleased to come where he will and when he will and to whom he will. No, he doesn't want to stand in the way instead. He says, would God that all the people were prophets and God would put His Spirit upon them? What a wish. Moses sees all those two million people who were too great a burden for him with all the complaining. And now he sees what they need. They don't need Moses' shoulders to carry them in his arms to hold them. But the Spirit of God to come upon them. And he knows that if that Spirit can come upon himself and upon the seventy, then that Spirit can come upon all those people there, in spite of all their murmuring and their unbelief and their hardness of heart. All would to God. Who here has that as their daily prayer? All would to God that all the people in the congregation would receive the Spirit of God to be prophets, not to murmur, but to proclaim His praise. Who here is daily on His knees?

