the burden of all this people upon me?" Moses is at a way to talk to God. Yet Moses did. And Moses was inspired by the Holy Spirit to record also these things about himself in the Word of God. Holy Spirit made Moses write it down so that everyone else through the rest to the end of time would know this is what Moses said. He was overwhelmed. The complaining of the people in the demands that they received flesh to eat was too much for him. He could no longer handle those long faces that were there in the door ways of all the tens around him and those eyes staring at him and those voices demand that he give food and give meat. He could not handle it anymore. It was too much for him. And then he thinks, God has put me in this situation. He has made me the leader of this people and that thought gives him no comfort at all. His anger against the people's behavior so irritates him that it vents against God himself and he bursts out wherefore has thou afflicted me. Oh God, I so suffer under this task given by thee. Why? Why does thou lay the burden of all this people on me? We are here with two million some people and I am expected to be the one who governs them and to keep everything going. How can I carry the burden of two million complainers? And then he says, as it were, did I give this burden to myself? Verse 12, have I conceived all this people? Have I begotten them that thou should say unto me carry them in thibusum? I am not their father. I didn't bring them into being. I did not take them to myself. Thou hast made this people and thou hast set it apart to be a people and thou didst give that people to me and has set us at where put that people into my lap for me to carry through the wilderness into the promised land and how can I ever do so? And as he thinks these things, he draws some conclusions. He concludes in verse 14, I am not able to bear all this people alone. It's a burden to heavy for me. It's impossible. My shoulders are too small. He concludes more seriously in verse 11 that God is against him. It's one thing for people to have long faces and to complain towards you and demand things that are unreasonable, but it is so much worse when he says, wherefore have I not found favor in thy sight that thou layest this burden on me? He feels God is giving him this burden in his anger against Moses and God is crushing Moses with this burden in his anger. He feels the burden. He recognizes God's hand and he draws the conclusion about the heart of God that there is no favor in God for him. And so the third conclusion he draws is that leading this people will be a prolonged, torturous death. And so he asks that if God would do him one final favor, he says it there in verse 15, kill me. I pray thee out of hand if I have found favor in thy sight, and let me not see my retiness, a quick death, but the hand of God would be better than having to lead this people. A shocking, is this the same Moses we so look up to? And as we see him there on the ground, some of us may be tempted to begin to shake our heads and say, Moses, that's bad. You shouldn't say that. You shouldn't think that.

