by using him, by working progressively in Paul's life. Who's often a model for us of Christian life and behavior and thinking? And I like it because it reminds us that if it's true of Paul, and it's true of us, well, it's certainly true of our children. Parenting is not this series of dramatic kind of confrontation confession events like I described. It's rather this lifelong process of a slow awareness and a progressive change towards greater godliness. So let God's grace in your life remind you that your parenting is long term. And sometimes it takes looking back and saying, not where were we last week because the same behaviors are being repeated again on a daily basis or a weekly basis, where were we five years ago? Have we seen some significant improvement? It's the Lord working in my child's life. The sweet irony of all of this is that in the very moment that God is using you to sanctify your children, he is actually using them to sanctify you. And in every moment is you parent your children, God is parenting you. Well, Peter also speaks of peace. What's the peace the Peter's talking about? It's the peace of knowing that you have been forgiven. It is the peace of knowing that if you would but rest in God that he has given you everything that you need to fulfill the tasks to which he has called you. It's the peace of realizing that your affirmation should be from God more than from your spouse or from your children. And I want you to let that sink in for a moment. As a Christian parent, no matter what is happening with your kids, you can wake up in the morning and know that you are deeply and faithfully loved by the most important person in the universe. And because he loves you, he has connected you to things that are vastly bigger than you. He not only forgives you, but he also gives you the grace to do better. That's peace. Have you found yourself not at peace? Do you find yourself so weighed down by anxiety and fear of frustration that you end each day exhausted and near tears? It may be that you are struggling with peace because you have not yet grasped the fact that it is God's grace and power that will change your children and not your own. And I'll say that in a different way because I believe it's so important. Parenting is not about somehow mustering up or gathering up the ability to change your children. It's about your own humble realization that you are a sinner saved by grace and faithfully participating in God's work of changing your children. You parents have been given authority. That's true, but God has not given you the power to change your children. Please hear that because I know that if you're like me, you are often giving in to the opposite thought. The belief that you do in fact have the ability to change your child if you would just yell a little bit louder or make her feel a little more guilty or offer a better incentive, then your child will change. And the truth is that you can scare or reward your children enough to bring about temporary change. But what needs to happen in order for that change to be permanent and bear fruit is a heart that has been transformed by the grace of God. And you have no control over that. And friends, I think that is a pervasive flaw in all of our parenting, the thought that we have the ability to change the hearts of our children. For example, if you've fallen into the pattern of disciplining with anger, the worst, the disobedience, or the worst, the disrespect, the louder your response, do you find yourself saying, I will change this child. I will get them to obey. Well, it's true that your child's behavior and ultimately his heart needs to change and it's good that you are committed over the long term, but when we parent through fear and intimidation,

