And they had some money provided from Cyrus, from Persia, and all of this. To rebuild a temple, I think that somebody may have said, why don't we go ahead and do the walls first? Because who knows what will happen if we don't? But you see, their trust was in God. As David's trust was in God when he faced Goliath. And so, let me remind you, I don't know what you're up against this week. I don't know what you're going to face tomorrow. I don't know, but whatever it is, make sure that God is in the focus. Make sure he's the focal point of your life. And that's what we see here in this passage. The rebuilding of the foundation. Look at verse number 8. The Bible says in verses 8 and 9, now in the second year of their coming under the house of God at Jerusalem. In the second month, began the rubble, the son of Shia Tau, and Jeshua, the son of Jezodac, and the remnant of their brethren, the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem, and appointed the Levites from 20 years old and upward to set forward the work of the house of the Lord, then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, Cadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together to set forward the workmen in the house of God, the sons of Henedad with their sons and their brethren to Levites. So we see here the work delegated, the work delegated. If there is to be a massive work of God, it has to be done by the people of God. It has to be planned and prepared, and sometimes planning, it does not seem heroic. Sometimes planning does not seem spiritual, but you can't have a mission trip to Malawi without a lot of preparation and planning. You can't have that. You cannot have that without the support of God's people and they sent over a container. But you know what, there's no way that two people can supply everything that needs to be in that container. And so any work of God requires God's people all getting involved. We see the work delegated here. And in this verse number eight, we see the dating of the work, the dating of the work. Now in the second year of their coming onto the house of God at Jerusalem, the dating of the work. Now it's interesting here. Seven months after their initial meeting and getting everything all together there, chapter three and verse six that we dealt with, it says from the first day of the seventh month, began they to offer burn offerings. Okay, and in verse eight, now in the second year of their coming into the house in the second month, so here's seven months after this, seven months. And it's interesting that this is the exact end of the 70 years of captivity. This seventh month, if you go back and you trace it, it's the end of the 70 year captivity when they begin to rebuild the temple. God's work is always done on time. God's never late. God's never late. Don't you hate it when people are just chronically late? And things happen in all of our lives. But there's a whole psychology as to why people are late. If they're just all the time late, there's a whole psychology about that. But one of the best things that ever helped me and one person told me, he said, you know when you're late, Mark, you're not just the one who's wasted time. If there are six people there and you're five minutes late, you have wasted 30 minutes of time, 30 minutes, five minutes of each of their time. And so, you know, it's, but God is never late. We sometimes think, God, where are you? I want it right now. But God's work is always done on time. And so that's just an interesting little tidbit of information. And so if you feel like that God, God, where are you? God, what is happening in my life right now? Understand this. God has not lost you on his radar. He knows exactly where you're at. He's watching. And so we see the dating of the work and then delegating the work. We see in verse number eight, we see that it was delegated to the leaders. First there was, there was a rubble. He was the appointed governor and Jeshua. He was the high priest. And then the, the, the,

