morning we begin as self-assured, maybe even self-righteous parents. We typically think of ourselves in a better light than we really are. We think that we are the law keeping mature, selfless believers. And if you start the day that way, you keep God's law perfectly so you shouldn't expect the people around you to do the same. Did you discover the truth? Perhaps you're not as good as you thought? Well it's gracious of God to use our families to expose our hearts to us. And in that exposure, His grace not only reveals who we are, but it frees us from having to deny our sin. If frees us to stop acting like or be something that we're not, it frees us to confess our faults to our children. Some of you know the story because I've shared it in Guardians before, but our family once went on a trip with my side of the family to Mount Lassen. And during one of those camping days, my mom asked each of our children to come and visit with her, spend time with her in conversation. Numbunones to Wendy and me, she asked, all three of our older sons, what they liked best about their parents. What do you think they said? And again, no fair if you've heard this example before, they all said that what they liked best was having parents who confessed their sin. I would not have guessed that to be so important, but it is important to our children. That's grace reminds us that as parents, we don't need so much to be rescued from our children. We need to be rescued from ourselves. And your biggest problem as a parent is not your children. It's actually you. Your children aren't to blame for what you do and how you say it, rather the cause of yours and my action is inside of our own hearts. And if we blame our children for our bad attitudes and actions and words, we not only imbiter them, but in blaming them for our struggles, we fail to reach out to them with the help that's available. The very divine power that Peter describes in 2 Peter 1. There's another way that grace operates in us as parents. Grace reminds us that God is progressively freeing us from the presence of sin. And that same sanctification happens with our children also. There are many of you who have been tempted to give up, maybe after nine years of applying God's principles, you're still having to deal with the Son who is taking a sister's things. Just yesterday you went into his room, opened his dresser drawer to find your daughter's toys hidden inside. And after confronting him, he first lied and then realizing that no of the game's up, you know where the toys are. He launched into a whole host of self-justifying excuses that ranged from how he is poorly treated to how a sister gets more privileges and owns better things. Well, why couldn't he just say, Mom? I took her things because I'm sinful. I mean, why can't he say that? My sin makes me selfish and covetous. And I need the grace of God to be rescued for myself. In fact, Mom, I need a Savior. And I know that you need to discipline me. So please, hold on for just a second because I look forward to that. I thank you for that. But first, I need to go to my sister and confess my sin and ask her for forgiveness. Wouldn't that be nice? Confession, self-understanding, self-reflection, repentance, brokenness. That's what we want. But instead, we typically hear answers that reveal a heart that is really, really slow in process. And God's grace reminds us that sanctification is life long. After all, you're still in need of God's grace. Even Paul reminds us of 1 Timothy I that he received mercy. He writes, so that Jesus Christ might display his perfect patience as an example to those who were to believe in him for eternal life. Well, if you break down what Paul is saying right there, he's saying that Jesus displayed patience.

