the recent Levites, the leaders, there has to be leadership. Dr. Lee Robertson made a quote famous. I don't know if he originated a quote or not, but we kind of give the quote to him. Everything rises and falls on leadership. And so that's a trueism. That's a great principle. And so we find that he lists the leaders first and then he gives the laity. The middle of verse 8 says, and all they that were come out of the captivity on Jerusalem, that was everybody, everybody in the church. It used to be that when there was a church building going up, you know who built the church? The people in the church. People in the church. My grandfather, they built a new auditorium. This was, I guess I was probably, oh, junior high, maybe 10th grade, maybe at the most. And what would happen is the men would come in and they would work all morning and the ladies would be cooking. And they'd fix some sandwiches and some soup and that kind of thing. And they'd eat, you know, and then they'd go back to work again. But today there's such a safety factor. And today there's so many codes and things that it's hard for the laity. It's hard for the church folks to kind of keep up with all that and the inspectors and things. So we have to give it over to a contractor many times. And then hire the construction workers. You know, I understand the reasoning behind that. But when you can say, yeah, I had a part in, I helped paint that wall right over there. It's kind of a neat thing. And that's what took place. These folks, they were building the temple and everybody was involved somehow, some way. It didn't happen right away when they first got there. They got their houses set up. They got their farms planted and all that kind of thing. And the second year, that's when everything really kicked off. We see the leaders in the laity and the Levites, the end of verse 8. The Bible says in a point of the Levites from 20 years old and upward to set forward the work of the house of the Lord. To set forward. You know, God's work should always go forward, not backward. Retreating someone said, you know, all the armor of God listed in Ephesians chapter 6. It starts from the top down, you might say, from the bottom up. But there is nothing for the back. That's because the Christian is never to retreat. We're always to move forward. Say, well, who's got my back? God has your back. You have no fear about that. So they delegated the work. And Journey Through Christmas is one of those times that we see that in an annual way. We have Sunday school teachers and children's music academy and folks in there working and helping and leading the children. We've got workers over in the team department delegating the work. And then look at verse 10, please. The Bible says in verse 10, and when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the Lord, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets and the Levites, the sons of the Asaph, with symbols to pray. The Lord, after the ordinance of David, King of Israel. The work was dedicated. Beneath my feet right here, I know this because I was here when it happened. And Pastor was out of town at the time, as I recall. And he called me up. And he said, now, he said, now make sure and get with Brother Sutherland. And we talked about this. He said, he talked about this with Brother Sutherland, the general contractor. He said, I want a Bible in the concrete. Right where the pulpit is, I want a Bible in the concrete. And so we got a Bible that we take to Deltona, one of those real nice ones, you know. And we were using it that time. And we wrote something in, I can't remember what we wrote on the inside cover. And we put it in a zip lock bag. And we put it in there. And as they were pouring the concrete on this platform, right here somewhere inside that concrete, as the Bible pastor said this, he said, one day, if this building is destroyed, if something happens, or the tribulation takes place, and somebody is busting all this up, I want them to find a Bible in the platform, even if there are no Bibles left. I thought it was pretty neat. But this matter of leg...

