to do it, do it with I might, there are Ecclesiastes. 910, verse 16 now continues and says, and it came to pass at the seventh time when the priest blew with the trumpet, Joshua said of the people shout, for the Lord had given you the city. God, after the trial of our faith, he gives the appointed victory in his time. Now the amazing thing about this is still faith again. They believed God. That's one thing if the walls are already fallen down that you shout, right? That's what happened last time you hear the crowd shouting and cheering everything after a football, after a touchdown is scored, right? Not before. But faith believes God and Salvation before it even happens. That is what faith does. And so they have a shout of conquest assured anticipation of the victory that was to come. You know what the Scriptures talk about praying believing. Here they were shouting believing, they were believing God. But now lastly faith is a victory that overcomes the world. First John 5, 4 speaks of that and says, so the people shouted when the trump, with the priest blew with the trumpets and it came to pass when the people heard the sound of the trumpet and the people shouted with the great shout that the wall fell down flat so that the people went up into the city. Every man straight before him and they took the city. Now notice again we have a united hearing the word, the importance of being in the house of God, hearing the word and then we have the application of the word. Faith without works is dead and then what happens? Victory. If you don't hear the word you are not going to know what to do and if you don't apply it then you are less lucky they have the victory. Now we have the victory in Christ regardless but God's overall sovereignly ordained means is to use to honor those who honor him. And of course that's by grace too. I understand that. But again by faith the walls of Jericho fell down after they were compassed about seven days. So it was God involved right? He did it but at the same time you could say that the faith of Israel was involved there as well. God using it but and we see that the same principle remember Noah, Noah and his family were delivered from the flood because he took the heart the warning that God gave him being moved with fear. Followed God's directions and it says in Hebrews 117 prepared an art to the saving of his house. There was faith and works. They were on this this this faith that we see demonstrated by Israel was a bold faith. Now understand the situation they were in. The river is Jordan rivers already covered over the water again. They had no fortress to retreat to they couldn't go back across the river. Then any of you homes to retire to they were in enemy territory totally exposed. It was a bold faith that they demonstrated here. We have the initial faith of course and that looks under Christ initially resting faith that's resting Christ and there's that that bold faith that hasn't were takes risks and like Elijah as he stood before the prophets of Bale at Mount Carmel that bold faith. We see the those who who carried that the guy who was sick in the pausing that couldn't get good get into so crowded that they took apart the roof. They took apart the roof and lowered that man there in the presence of Jesus and it says when Jesus saw their faith. He what do you do? He healed that man. He didn't rebuke him. He healed that man. We're all in the flesh. We're so worried about what other people want to think.

