the kind of results that we desire is irrelevant. We must do what God tells us to do. Their unquestioning obedience to their orders, their marching orders, if you will, was required from them, nothing more, nothing less. And then we see again that this is the arc of the covenant which represents the presence of God as their leader and commander. There in Isaiah 55, 4, Jesus, Core tells us, low on with you, always, even to the end of the world. This is something that is not realized by our physical senses, but is realized by faith. And then we, as God's chosen vessels of the Lord, can go forward with a blessed consciousness that we're not alone and assured that the captain of our salvation is with us, whether so ever we go. And we see that here also the instruction of the sounding of the trumpet, the sounding of the trumpets was to strike terror into the hearts of the enemy and to inspire courage and confidence in the people of God. And of course it's representative of the heralding of the word of God. I remember reading about my dad told me a book if I wanted to learn about the Korean war, that he was in, and what it was like, it was a book called in the Gauntlet. I think it was. And it talked about how the North Koreans would blow these horns before they were attacked. And it just freaked them out. But anyway, the sounding of the trumpets was to strike terror and confusion into the enemy. And we find there in Deuteronomy and chapter 20 verse 2 and 4 says, and it shall be when you are come, nigh, to the battle that the priests are approaching, speaking of the people who say to them, hero is wrong, you approach this day unto the battle against the enemies, let not your hearts faint and fear not, do not tremble, neither be you terrified because of them. But the Lord, your God, is he that go with you to fight for you against your enemies to save you. And again, like I said earlier, the Bible tells us to cast down imaginations, casting down imaginations, casting down carnal reasonings, in other words, well, they are going to ridicule me for this, or I have got to do something else in addition to, or instead of, because of our carnal reason, casting down imaginations is what we see here. Because of the commands are so unusual, and so against the grain of the flesh it is indeed a work of faith. We are to cast down imagination. Every high thing and exalted self against the knowledge God and bringing the captivity of every thought to the obedience of Christ. The natural man is just totally at enmity with God. And it takes nothing less than the miracle of grace to make a difference. So verse seven continues along this whole idea of the hearing of the word is, is Joshua tells the people and set into the people, pass on and compass the city and let him that is our pass on before the ark of the Lord. So the people are to accompany. There's a united front. Everyone is involved here. Not just a select few, not just the leadership, but everyone. And as we look at this in the sense of a type of the gospel and the great commission, we're all to go you into all the world, aren't we? We're all to go. We're all commissioned as a Church of the Lord Jesus Christ. We're all commissioned to go. And so we see that we are going again, the gates of hell not prevailing against His churches, and we are to go in the inventory. And we're to conquer where we go with the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. But now we move secondly to faith without works as dead. We find that principle there and James chapter 2 in verse 26. But it says in verse 8 of Joshua 6, it came to pass when Joshua had spoken unto the people that the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of ramps,

