Gentiles walk, let me say this, now here where he's used the word Gentiles, he means those who are not the people of God. He's using it as a general sense, not talking about an ethnic thing, he's talking about people who are not God's people. And so he says, he walked not as other Gentiles walk in the vanity of their mind. So here he's describing the unbelieving world. And they walk in the vanity of their mind, the emptiness of their mind. This now he describes in verse 18, having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God to the ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart, who being past feeling, have given themselves over unto last citizens to work all in cleanliness with greediness. So they are, this is a natural man, there's an eagerness to do sin. They do work all in cleanliness with greediness, they're hungry to do wrong. That's the natural man, that's man apart from the life of God. Notice again verse 18, being alienated from the life of God, they don't have the life of God in them. So they tend toward sin, they have this propensity to sin, they have an aversion to God. This is natural man. This is natural man apart from the life of God. Remember how that Paul described himself, even as a save man, he said, I know in me that is in my flesh, dwelleth no good thing. So even as a save man, he's recognizing that the fallen nature of man is not good. There's nothing good about me as far as my actions, that my tendency is to do wrong. So there's nothing in our natural state that can really be approved of God. God can't look upon us and know our heart and say, you know what, that guy is a good guy. He can't do it. Why? Because there is this tendency toward sin in every single person. So back in Romans, he makes his statement. Verse 12, he said, they're all going out of the way. They're together become unprofitable. There's none that do with good, no not one. They've all gone out of the way. They've all gone aside. They are, they've turned in the wrong direction. They have a bent to them. They should be straight, but they're bent. They're crooked. Remember how that Paul described the world in Philippians. He speaks of it as a crooked and perverse world, a crooked and perverse nation, I think is the word of the uses. And so it's the idea of deviating from the standard. It is something that is crooked. It's something that's not straight. The word crooked and perverse, perverse is not only is it just a little crooked, it's actually just twisted completely out of whack. And again, what is he describing? That's the nation. That's the world that we live in. And so it is, again, this inclination of mankind to depart from God. He says, again, in verse 12, they're unprofitable. And I read that verse and I immediately think about Isaiah's description where he says that all our righteousness is, are as filthy rags. And he uses that word righteousness is, it's plural. So why does he do that? Well, he's saying that when you take all the righteousness of all the world, of all the people who have ever lived or ever wheeled of, then before a holy God, it's filthy rags. He says, well, that's an exaggeration. No, it's not. It's the idea that God is infinitely higher than we are. He's holy. There is no sin at all. It's very hard for us to fathom that. It's very hard for us to fathom because if part of us doesn't want to fathom it, we don't want to admit that that is who we are apart from God. We want to think that there's really something good about us. There's something that's worthy of praise and something that is of redeeming value within ourselves. And the truth is it's not. That is, we tend toward sin. You know, and again, we mentioned this last week and you see what happens to people when they get power. We see it in Hollywood, people who get immense power and money so that they can do whatever they want to do. They commit all sorts of sin and wickedness. We see people who gain political power, who seem to feel like they have no one that they have to answer to. That those people will let that power corrupt them as well. So people when they are left to their own device.

