The pastors, they just feel very, very alone in the ministry. People misjudge them, they criticize them, they don't understand, they don't see the big picture. All they see is we're making this change and we try to explain it or they want what they want. People want what they want. You want what you want. And that's why we do what we do in fighting, politicking, arguing, manipulating people because we want what we want. But when we do that in the church and we try to impose our will upon the church and then we give ultimatums to the leaders. Well, if you do this, I'm not coming anymore or I'll come but I'm not going to do my Sunday school class or my ABF class. Well forgive me but if you have that attitude you shouldn't be teaching in ABF class. Okay, but to punish the pastors in the church I'm not going to give my ties and offerings anymore. So that way I can really punish them. Really? We're going to punish the leaders in the church by leaving ministries or not giving our ties and offerings and we're going to punish the church by doing that. All we're doing is punishing our family because God is going to take his blessing off our family. We're not punishing the pastor in the church. We're just leaving in disobedience and God is going to take his blessing off of us. And this stuff that happens on the mission field that happens the world around in the pastor sometimes feel very alone in those moments. Your mother just passed away. What do you do if you find out that your 17-year-old daughter is expecting a child and she knows better than that and she knows she says she knows better than that and she does but she made a poor choice. And then once again sometimes people in the church are just criticizing and murmuring. Who is to come alongside of us and help us in those moments when the hits and waves of life overwhelm us? And it happens to us on the mission field where sometimes we're very lonely or we've suffered persecution or attacks and it happens to us and it happens to you. But are we alone? Tell me, are we alone? We are not alone. Go with me to John chapter 14. We are not alone. The disciples felt this way. Jesus you are going to install your earthly kingdom now, right? We're preaching the kingdom of God as a hand. But in the last supper they were fighting over who was going to sit on the right and who was going to sit on the left and who was going to be the great leader in the kingdom. And they thought that he was going to install his earthly kingdom now and overthrow the Roman empire. And then he's on the cross and they're devastated. They're lost, devastated. The whole world fell apart. They felt completely alone. What do we do now? I guess we go fishing. I don't know what else to do. Says Peter. Let's go fishing. And so in John chapter 14 Jesus is trying to prepare them for this moment. No. Physically, yes, I must offer myself up. I will be raised again and I will go to the right hand of my father. And I will come back for you. They didn't understand it. But Jesus was trying to prepare them and comfort them and encourage them and help them. But I will be with you spiritually. Physically, I will be gone. But spiritually, I will remain with you. And so in John 14 verse 1, are you with me? John 14, let not your hearts be troubled, believe in God, believe also in me. In my father's house so many mansions, if we're not so, I would have told you. I go prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself that where I am, that where I am, you may be also. And you know the way. You know the way. Thomas, Lord, Lord, just a minute. No, we don't know the way. Don't know what you're talking about. We're confused here. If you're going away, we are understanding it's not going to be very long. But no, we don't know the way. And the famous words that Jesus said, say them with me. I am the, say it with me. I am the way, the truth and the life. No man comes to the Father, but through me, by me. Our one way to heaven is through Jesus. There is no other way.

