all of them are not my name, be it, must not be, but be it, begging for grace. That's good and acceptable. He didn't say that's a command of God, he doesn't say it. He says that's well pleasing to God. Again love, love, love. And if you were true Christian, you have one desire, tell me what desire that God might be glorified and pleased, isn't it? So he doesn't say a must because he was the fulfillment of the law, but he says out of the gospel, it's pleasing to God. It's grace. Then I come to out visitation here and there and past you, must it, then I got such a stone of my breast, I think, shouldn't be here and he should have come back because they had just hidden, death, he didn't. Got people as a bag of people, for grace, the food to grace, in Christ, love. Now she did a widow, a true widow, a true widow, bags full grace. That's five. And desolate, trusting God, that's a true widow. Having no family, no nephew, no brother, no sister, trusting God, then you need a living God, isn't it? Now the word God, no long gone, the deglaze is gone. I know a widow, who had been passed away, was a prophet, is yet surprising, she had no money in, she had to sell the children for slaves, probably to live a bit. As she came to one of the prophets, if you know of these sases, it's a wonderful thing, he says, make yourself empty vessels, that's first what you need to know, empty vessels. As much as you can, but the average season, she said a little while ago, you need to know a little bit about a widow, may I make yourself empty vessels. Take your bath and fill. You must trust her. Otherwise I wouldn't take that bottle for a big little bottle of Will you? Will you say it to stay in the world, do you say that ministry is the fool? But I'm not a fool. The world is a fool. Thinking that love cannot fill big systems with oil. But out of a little bottle, dolly the mother, another one no, to the grave. That's faith. But faith fills always little bottles, empty bottles. Do you understand me or not? Faith fills always empty bottles, empty sinners. Hey John, young aunt is the last of the boy. The last was filled to the grave. God said stop oil. Stop oil. Stop.

