So he's kind of been a little bit headquartering out of here and then branching off in here. Very close, if you know from other scripture, very close to Mary Martha and the Lazarus. All right. So here's the time of conversation, time of teaching, eating, and fell asleep. Very personal time. Now, as we think about that, I think it's beneficial for us, and as we think about the Bible, think about scripture, it's beneficial us to remember that Jesus spoke at times of very large crowds. In fact, we brother Choma preached recently on the woman. Remember, the woman had the disease for 12 years and came attached on the hymn of Jesus' garment. And the multitude is so great that she's kind of working away through the crowd and all these people are thronging him. So at times, Jesus spoke to these very large crowds, these multitudes that thronged him, but also he spent what we think as one on one time with people. He was never too important or too busy to spend on one on one time. Now, as we think about that, now it's leading us to where we're going. So I want you to look at some scripture with me. Go to hold you place there and go with me to Isaiah. Isaiah chapter 9. Two scriptures we're going to look at because we want to look at it from the aspect of large crowds and 101 person. The aspect of the big God, but also the very personal God. So Isaiah chapter 9 go down with me to verse 6. There's a scripture that's quoted often about this time of year around Christmas for unto us a child is born, a two us a son is giving and the government shall be a punish shoulder and his name shall be called wonderful counselor. Now what's the next two? The mighty God. We think of the mighty God. He's thinking about the everlasting, the God who speaks a universe into existence, the God who inhabits eternity. That's kind of the picture I get. The mighty God. But then next thing he says this, the everlasting what? Father. So he goes from this one description of this mighty God, he who speaks universe and existence, then he used another term father, which is a more deared term and more endearing term and more personal term. So you have both there describing Jesus that the the mighty God, but yet also the everlasting father and both are true about him. Now go with me to another place, Psalms. Psalms 147. So as we introduce the Bible study we're trying to now introduce this thought that there is both this this big scale ministry of Jesus and also what we think of the small scale. Big crowds one on one. He's a big God who speaks universe and existence, but also a very personal God. So Psalms 147 look with me at verse three. He healeth the broken in heart and bindeth up their wounds. Now what do you think? Isn't that kind of a personal approach, a personal touch? Very one on one. Okay. He he healeth the broken in heart and bindeth up their wounds. He's concerned about the individuals, concerned about their needs and their problems, but now look at the next verse. He tell us the number of the stars. He calls them all by their name. Now that verse in itself is pretty awesome because scientists tell us there's an uncountable number of stars. They're right for the scientists, but they're not right for God. God's here's what the Bible says. He telleth the number of the stars. Now you ask me, Pastor, right, do you really think that God knows the entire number of all the stars? Yes. You know why? He created them. So of course he knows how many stars there are, but here's the other thing is this. He says he'd call them by their names. Think about that. Billions of stars and God is a name for each one of them. We don't have no idea what those names are, but he created them and named them. And so here he is. There's billions of them. Billions of stars. He knows every number. He has a name. So you have a picture. One one side, God very personal knows the individual. That person today on that earth who has a broken heart who's dealing with some some type of turmoil. He knows precisely what they're going through, but the same God looks out on a universe of billions of stars beyond human number. We can't number them. He numbers them and names them. And so what the Bible teaches us that this that God is both this this mighty God, this almighty God, but also this very personal tender father to his people. And that's how we're going to I want to really focus on yes, he's a God who speaks universal existence, but also yes, he's a God who knows the individual need in our life. Now as we think about that, it should amaze us that such an almighty God has such a personal concern for think about that a a God who know who

