to the last point. Think about this. Those who backslide in their actions have already backslided in their heart. When you see someone who's, you said, oh, there's another one day they're in church and one day they're gone. Well, that may be true in their action, but not in their heart. They left, they backslided a long time ago. They got out of their prayer closet a long time ago. They could read their Bible a long time ago. They could walk with God a long time ago. That relationship with the Lord ended. They got cold-hearted. Yeah, they were going through the motions and all of a sudden one day they said, that's it. Okay, here's what it looks like. They're sitting in the church. One thing happens that just really aggravates them and they just say, that's, I ain't coming back here anymore. I just can't take anymore. See, well, what happened? That's not what happened. That was the, if you want to say, the final straw. Let me tell you what happened. For months, months, and months, they were not in the Bible, they were not praying. They had no relationship to the Lord and it eventually peaked into that one. Sometimes a very stupid, small thing. Say, wow, all of a sudden boom. That's what it looked like. But there's a long process of backsliding in the heart. So those who backsliding their actions have already backsliding in the hearts, that's where the problem originates. And so the third part of that relationship we understand is this that you cannot be neutral and committed. You've got to be focused, purposely focused on the Lord or you are eventually going to find yourself in a worse situation. Number four, here's the last application. Let's go back to Luke 11, verse 27. In case of the past, as he spaked these things, a certain woman of the company lifted her voice and sent into him, blessed is the womb that bear the, and the past which now has sought. But he said, yay, rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God and keep it. He turns it. He said, no, that's not the blessing. Now, look down to verse 32. The men and men of thee, which is Nineveh, so I'm just gonna say Nineveh, the men and Nineveh shall rise up in the judgment with this generation and shall condemn it. Now watch this, for they repented at the preaching of Jonas. The whole of greater than Jonas is here. No man, when he has lighted a candle, put his own secret place, but neither under a bushel, but on a candlestick that they which come in, may see the light. The light of the body is the eye, therefore when an eye is single, the whole body also is full of light. But when that eye is evil, the body also is full of darkness. And he goes on and talk about that, but I'm just going to kind of put these together. There's three things that we're gonna tie together here into number four. Number four is this. The hindrance to our relationship with God is us, not God. You know, here's an old illustration. You've been in church, you've heard. Every guest preacher used it probably. Okay, so the guy's going down the, remember the older cars when they had the bucket seats in front, instead of the, which probably nowhere near safe as they are now, but now we have the single seats. But they had the bucket seats, you know, I'm talking about a lot of times and pick up seats, you'll have them sometimes, I guess, older pick up, I don't know. Anyway, so bucket seats. So this is the setting of this. So here's a guy driving down his car, bucket seat, and his wife's over here looking out the window. Bence seat. Bence seat. Bence seat. That's what I said. Bence seat. Not the bucket. Yeah, the bucket is what we have now. Not the bucket, the bench, I'm sorry. So now that, so they, remember, okay, you remember years ago when they had the bence seat in all the cars? Okay. Now the woman's over here and she's like, you know, you know what there's a problem. Okay, it's always the, what? Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. And you're, oh, it's coming out. I'm just gonna wait for it. I know it's coming. And so she says, you remember when we were first married? How we always sat so close together when we drove? You just love it when I sat beside you and your arm around me. What happened? And you know what the guy says? I haven't moved. He's still behind us during the world. Who moved? She did. And sometimes we do as the Lord. We're like, I just don't feel close to Lord anymore. I don't feel warm-hearted. What happened? Let me tell you what happened? You happened. The Lord's the same. He never changes. We sing songs about that every now and then. You might notice. He, and there's some verses about it too. So he never changes. He's always the same. So if there is a now hindrance, if there's something that's separating it, the Lord is no different. So we're, we're at faulted. We need to deal with what's going on our line. Now think about this, based on this text, what he's talking about here in Luke 11. The fact that God would seek out the wicked, ungodly Ninevites was evidence that God desires relationship with anyone who would open their hearts and make.

