who can look out over a universe, can also look right into your own apartment or house, and know you're exactly that mean. I think it just speaks volumes about the Lord. So it should amaze us, it's an Almighty God, it's such a personal concern for us. Now if that's thought in mind, now leads us into our Bible study tonight, this personal concern was shown in Jesus' ministry and was a big part of his teaching. We're gonna build on that when we get to the conclusion of our Bible study, so I don't wanna go too much further in it, I wanna give you four things that helps us understand some things Jesus is teaching about relationship, this personal relationship with us, and then we're gonna build back on what we just talked about. Now four things I wanna share with you, if you go back with me to Luke chapter 10, and look at the in verse 41. Now because of the amount of scripture we're covering, we're not gonna read every verse, I'm just telling you, I'm starting in chapter 10 verse 38, and I'm working all the way down to verse 36 of chapter 11. Those are the, I'm coming all these verses, but I'm gonna just highlight certain verses and certain sections, and I'll let you go back and restudy and read for yourself all the other verses in between. All right, here's number one. So I'm gonna give you four things, and I think in each of these four events, I'm gonna give you a lesson that really, I think helps us to look at the concept of this God who can speak a universal existence, but have a desire to have this personal relationship with us. All right, here's number one. We will not serve God joyfully if we don't spend time at Jesus' feet. What do you mean by that? Well, go with me. Chapter 10, look at verse 41. Jesus' answering center of Martha and Martha, they are careful and trouble about many things. She's not serving joyfully. She's complaining. She's whining. She's not happy. But one thing is needful, and Mary had chosen that good part, which I would not be taking away from. It's not wrong what Martha is doing, what's wrong is, she's not doing it with really the right heart. So we think about relationship, we think about this personal relationship with the Lord. The first thing he talks about is this idea of service. So our relationship has to influence, has to control, has to be really the motivator, and there's a word I want, the controller, that's not the word, but the controller of our service. You ever find people who they go to church, and they're almost like they're mad about going to church? Like yeah, I got to church. Yeah, I'm not such a such church. I don't know how to hold time. You're like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You hate going to church, but you go there all the time. You ought to try a different church, unless you go here and then that's not the answer. Okay, so we will not serve God joyfully if we don't spend time at Jesus' feet. Think about this, ritualistic cold service is not what the Lord seeks. He's not looking for people who just go through it. If you remove relationship from service, that service is not honoring or pleasing to the Lord. So even in our day to day service, we have the Lord, the Lord wants this personal relationship. He's not just a God who looks out upon billions of stars that is part of him, but he also sees us and he wants this relationship with us, even in our personal service that we have with him. So the Lord wants us to serve him, okay, as we serve him with a heart that is warm and loving. You know, there should be, I understand. Maybe not every time you do something for the Lord that you're always feeling fuzzy about it and warm and all of those things, but when you're not feeling that way, it should be the exception. I mean, when you're like, man, I'm excited about serving him. Man, I only feel that way, maybe once or twice a year. That's a problem. Maybe sometimes, okay, if you wake up Sunday morning, like really, I don't really wanna go to church, you ought to go anyway. But if that's every Sunday morning you feel that way, that's problematic. There'd be some Sundays we're just human. We have our ups and downs, but it should be every Sunday. In fact, those should be the unusual days. So our normal service with the Lord should be this warm and loving because that's a part of our relationship with them. Let me give you this statement. Though, now this is not for you to fill out, just listen carefully, because it's kinda lengthy. Those who are so busy for Jesus, that they have no time for Jesus, will not serve Jesus like Jesus wants. I'll say it again. Those who are so busy for Jesus, they have no time for Jesus, will not serve Jesus like Jesus wants. You remember?

