For our scripture reading this afternoon, let us turn again to Numbers chapter 11, and we will start reading at verse 10 and read through to verse 29. Numbers chapter 11, starting at verse 10, and reading through to verse 29. Let us hear the word of God. When Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his tent, and the anger of the Lord was kindled greatly, Moses also was displeased. And Moses said unto the Lord, wherefore has thou afflicted thy servant, and wherefore have I not found favor in thy sight, that thou layest the burden of all this people upon me. Have I conceived all this people? Have I begotten them that thou should say unto me, carry them in thy bosom as a nursing father beareth the sucking child unto a land which thou swearest unto their fathers? When should I give flesh to give unto all this people, for they weep unto me, saying, give us flesh that we may eat? I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me. And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray the out of hand, if I have found favor in thy sight, and let me not see my wretchedness. And the Lord said unto Moses, gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel whom thou knowest to be elders of the people and officers over them, and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation that they may stand there with thee. And I will come down and talk with thee there, and I will take of the Spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them, and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou beareth not thyself alone. And say thou unto the people, sanctify yourselves against tomorrow, and ye shall eat flesh. For ye have wept in the ears of the Lord, saying, who shall give us flesh to eat? For it was well with us in Egypt, therefore the Lord will give you flesh, and ye shall eat. ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days, nor twenty days, and even a whole month until it shall come out of your nostrils, and it shall be loath some unto you. Because that ye have despised the Lord, which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, why came we forth out of Egypt? And Moses said, the people among whom I am are 600,000 footmen, and thou hast said, I will give them flesh that they may eat a whole month. Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them to suffice them, or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them to suffice them? And the Lord said unto Moses, is the Lord's hand wax short? Thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not. And Moses went out and told the people the words of the Lord, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the tabernacle. And the Lord came down in a cloud and spake unto him, and took of the Spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders, and it came to pass that when the Spirit rested upon them they prophesied and did not cease. But there remained two of the men in the camp. The name of the one was Eldad, and the name of the other Meadad, and the Spirit rested upon them. And they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the tabernacle, and they prophesied in the camp. And there ran a young man and told Moses and said, Eldad and Meadad do prophesy in the camp. Joshua, the son of none, the servant of Moses, one of his young men answered and said, My Lord, Moses forbid them. And Moses said unto him, Envious thou for my sake, would God that all the Lord's people were prophets, and that the Lord would put his Spirit upon them. Moses got him into the camp.

