is all this Bible study and other types of things. And yet, when we really get to the bottom of what we're expecting from our children, it's still achievement-based. And we're not slowing down or hunkering down to really see besides these physical, social, educational, and even spiritual achievements. Do I know my child's heart? And I mention these areas because when we are seeking affirmation from our children rather than from the Lord, our children's success and obedience and respect and your name it becomes intensely personal. And we find our self-worth challenged when we start seeing them either fail to meet up to our expectations. Or we see the cracks develop or we see laziness or we see rebelliousness. We not only find our self-worth challenged, but we find our energies drained and we start looking for other ways, other things to bring in. What can we do? What are we doing wrong? We find our joy robbed and our focus shifts from how our child's behavior is viewed by God and how their behavior affects us. And we get angry because we've invested so much time and effort into this. And what's the fruit? Peter says maybe we are being unfruitful and finding ourselves unfruitful because we've forgotten the first things. God has given you everything you need for life in Christ. He has uniquely called you to be the most important tool he uses in the life of your children to draw him to himself. And that is the thing that should satisfy you. That is your affirmation. He is using you. He loves your children so much that he put them in your family so that you might be an instrument of his Holy Spirit using his power to accomplish his purposes, to his glory. And you know what the Lord champions things that are often the very opposite of the things that we champion. God cares far more about a selfless self-controlled spirit than a 4.0 GPA. He cares far more for a heart that is burdened for the lost than someone who can quote you name it or solve this equation or accomplish this. And friends, the church cannot replace you. We can only assist you and equip you for this essential work. The government certainly can't replace you. It can only protect you, and that's its role, it's to protect you in this work. The chief reason God has put you into your children's lives is so that they would know him. And that means that the most important thing that your children could ever learn about is the existence, character, and plan of God. And if you know that fact, and if that guides you every moment, it will alter the way you understand, interpret, every other fact, not only of your life, but every aspect of your parenting. And I wanted to remind you today that God never calls you to a task without providing you with what you need to accomplish it. Wow, faithfully relying upon him. Because God's not gonna just say here, I've given you the ultimate version of the power tool, to go do this project all by yourself. He's constantly going to be saying to you, I have everything that you need, like Peter says, everything that you need is given to you in Christ, but you need to walk alongside of me. You need to live recognizing that power, that grace is sufficient every day for you, but you need to depend upon me. Because by yourself, you will not do it. And I wanted to remind you of that today, because there are those mornings when you dread getting out of bed.

