That's why the Lord Jesus came to Bethlehem. He who is God, he who is without sin, he came to be with sinners, sinners like us. That's why He didn't bypass the publicans and sinners. That's why He was in the words of another prophecy of Isaiah, numbered with the transgressors Isaiah 53 verse 12. Why? So that as the mediator, as the just for the unjust, he might bring us to God so that there might be reconciliation, so there might be a restored relationship with God. That's why Jesus came into the cradle, boys and girls, so that He would go to the cross to bring man back to God. Has he done that already in your life? Have you done what A has refused to do, bowed before Him, surrendered as a lost sinner before Him, pleading for mercy? Have you ever felt it and said it to the Lord, Lord, I've lost the, bring me back to the, that is the way to escape thy wrath and to be restored into thy favor. Bring me back to the, that's my great need and that's what he manual does. He is the one to bring together. That which was separated, sinner back to God and to be together. Not only to bring together, but to make sure that He is with His people together. That's what you want, isn't it, boys and girls, to have someone with you. Someone's stay with you, especially if you're afraid. Maybe if you're afraid of the dark, if you're afraid of thunder, you want to have somebody with you. In hard times you want to have somebody with you. In trying times you want to have somebody with you. That's what the sinner wants to, who comes under the saving operations of the Holy Spirit. Like the prodigal son comes to miss the Father and long for Him. He doesn't just want some more money from his dad in order to live it up. No, he wants not funds, but his Father and in the Lord Jesus, the sinner can have the Father back no matter what He's done, where He's been. If He comes, confessing His sin, and then you want God with you, always, do I need to give some illustrations of places and times when you want Him with you? Well, when a couple, a young couple who desires to fear the Lord and they get married, if it's right, they want the Lord Jesus in their marriage. And then I always tell young couples, you can send an invitation to them, a wedding invitation to them like they did in the days of that couple in Cano of Galilee. And they didn't know what trials would await them even on their wedding day. What the Lord Jesus was at their wedding. Emmanuel was there on their wedding. And when you receive children, you don't want to do without the Lord Jesus either, do you? For how many needs do we not have as parents? How many sins are there not in your own life as parents? Sins in the life of your children. And you need to bring them to Him who can save as the parents did in the Bible in Mark 10 and I know the disciples tried to shoe them away. And they say, no, Jesus doesn't have time for you with these young children. But the Lord Jesus rebuked His disciples and said, I do want them with me. And I do want to be with them. Those parents need me. And their children need me. Let the little children come unto me. Forbid them not. I'm Emmanuel. And you want Him also in the trials of faith as the travelers on the way to Emmaus who didn't understand the way the Lord was directing their way. But the Lord Jesus was with them. And on their way home, he's speaking to them. They didn't know it. And they want Him to come into their home and they say, abide with us. Fast falls the even tide. The darkest, darkness deepens Lord with us abide. The Lord Jesus goes with them.

