And we see just by looking at that example that all things are possible to him that believe it. We need to understand though, is that the weapons of our warfare are in our carnal, but mighty by the pulling down of strongholds, by the might of God. We need to understand that God doesn't always use the kind of means and methods and people even. I mean, is it not true that the Scriptures tell us that though Paul waters and Apollo's plans or what of the case might be, God's one that gives an increase. Is it not true that the Scriptures tell us that God is not chosen, many mighty nor many noble, but to chosen the weak things of the world, the things are to despise that no flesh would glory in his presence. So we shouldn't look upon ourselves as well, we just can't do it. I'm just me and the walls of Jericho are so tall that people are such great stature whether socially, politically or whatever the case might be, that we might as well not do anything, but that's not the attitude we'll take. Yes, we should be like Paul, Paul who said, who is sufficient for such things? He recognized it wasn't of him. He recognized that it was of God. It says there in 1 Corinthians 2 13, I came to you not with that story to you a speech or a wisdom declaring you the testimony of God, why determine not to know anything among you saved Jesus Christ and him crucified? Ready to come to him? In weakness and in much trembling. That's why the Paul came to them. He recognized his own weakness, but that did not stop him or deter him from doing what he must do, to do what the sath of Lord declared. So again, the passage we've referred to a time or two in these series, those that honor God, God will honor. That's typically the way he works. So now let's look first of all, faith comeeth by hearing the word and we see that from Romans 10 and 17. Faith come by hearing and hearing by the word of God and we see that it's one thing to receive the instructions of God's words, one thing to read God's word. But when you start telling it to other people, that gets a little harder. That's what the people need to hear because faith comeeth by hearing. Whether we're talking about it initial faith or where we're talking about faith of God to people to do what they need to be that needs to be done. And it's especially daunting because you know, what do you meet up with today a lot times, rolling eyes, right? The ridiculous ridicule that you come across today when you try to share them the word of God. But that's the trial of our faith to speak the word faithfully and boldly even knowing how this flesh typically reacts. No now verse 6 says in Joshua the Son of the Nun called the priest and said unto them, take up the ark of the covenant and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of ramps towards before the ark of the Lord. Notice this is interesting in Joshua's instructions and remember Joshua is a type of Christ and sometimes you know Jesus says I have many things to say unto you but you're not able to bear them now. It's what he told his disciples. Jesus would have many things to say to us but we're not always ready to bear them or it's not meant for us to know the secret things of God. Yes, we can know in one sense that some of the things that are secret everybody else as far as God's Word and being illuminated by the Spirit of God as he opens up the Word of God but there are certain things that God does to test our faith. We don't have any details here about that there was going to be a sure fire victory given. He didn't share that with the people. They had a kind of obedience that was unquestioning obedience. This is what God says to do. Let's do it. Whether we get...

