was built at the height of the Israelite kingdom. David had gathered all the supplies for years and years. Solomon was allowed to be the one to to dedicate this temple and to see this temple built. And it was a glorious temple. Precious stones. The stones were cut and the wood was cut and the jewels and the gold and the silver, all that. Well, where this was being built, they were surrounded by ruins everywhere they looked. The wall was, so they remembered certain things about the foundation. And they wept and said, wow, it's a terrible thing. So what caused that was their own sin, their own sin, their own lack of belief, their own lack of following God. That's what caused that. They chose their own path. They followed different gods and they said, no, we don't want Jehovah God. We want all the gods of the nations. And it was legal and it was right because kings endorsed it. And finally, God said, okay, I've had enough. 70 years of chastity and they wept. But now here, I want you to see something very, very important here. There were some that looked back and wept. There were some that looked forward and rejoiced. They were thrilled. Would you look please in verse number 12, they're middle of the verse. And many, by the way, it does not say that these were young people in contrast to the ancient. It just said, and many shouted aloud for joy. They saw the same thing, but they looked ahead. They looked forward to what God had in store. They weren't looking back. They weren't focused on the past. They were excited about the future. Now hold your place there and turn to Haggai. You say, where is Haggai? If you can find Matthew, turn a few pages to the left. Okay? Three books. You'll pass Malachi, you'll pass, you'll pass Zachariah, and then you'll find Haggai. Chapter 2. So go to Matthew and turn left. Just a few pages, you'll find Haggai. Chapter 2, verse 1. Now Haggai is being written the same time period. He's a prophet that is writing in the same time. Here we go in verse 1. In the seventh month, in the one and 20th day of the month came the word of the Lord by the prophet Haggai saying, Speak now to the governor of Judah and to Joshua, the son of Jezodek, the high priest, and to the residue of the people saying, who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? And how do you see it now? Is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing? Yet now be strong as a raviable sayeth the Lord, and be strong, O Joshua, son of Jezodek, the high priest, and be strong all ye people of the land, sayeth the Lord, and work. For I am with you, sayeth the Lord of hosts. You know when sin enters our life, it takes a toll. And there are things that you and I and our families and our loved ones that we wish that we could probably as a church wide as Christ is in general, that we could look back and say, oh I wish this hadn't happened. I wish I hadn't done that and if I could go back and change some things. But I am thankful that God is the God of the second chance and He turned to Israel and He said, I am with you. Now you press on and you be strong and you don't quit and you don't throw in the towel. Boy that's the kind of preaching that they had going on from a prophet named Haggai. That was the word of the Lord, rebuilding the foundation. I hope you got this. They delegated the work. They dedicated the work. And then they had to debate the work. They had to debate it just a little bit. There were concern voices and there were celebrating voices. And look at verse 13, the last verse. We'll see the confusing vision.

