God said, well I didn't know, oh yes you didn't know too. And see what he'll do is he'll take you back to a service on November the 30th, 2017. A little church by the name of Pleasant Valley Baptist Church, went a loud mouth of nopsious Baptist evangelists from Tennessee. He said, well I didn't know he didn't know that. He said, yes you knew. Yes you knew. And what he's going to do at that day, he's going to go to that book and every person, every person, he's going to take the time. You say how you know that, because that's what he said. He said, whoever's name was not found written so he's going to look safe and threaten. He's going to come to you and he's going to say, all right. Oh. Next person. See if you go back to the book of Matthew, the book of Matthew paints a picture of those that are going to say Lord did we not prophesy on the name and I may not name cast out many devils and I may not name many wonderful works. And he's going to say depart from him and never knew you. You know how he's going to be able to say that, I never knew you because they're names not in this book. I preach a Christian school service one morning. It ain't been ugly, you talk about a challenge, some of the most challenging services of Christian schools because most of them are a bunch of self-righteous blowhards. Amen. They got their tags, their identities, they got their hair right and their clothes are right and they've got everything right and it's a bunch of self-righteousness but anyhow that's another story for another time. And I'm telling you what I preach that I don't even really remember what I preached on but somehow in the end of it I ended up not coming out of the pool pit just like I'm now and I started going and I'd say I appreciate you being here this morning and I'd say do you know the Lord as your Savior? If you're died right now you're going to heaven and I wouldn't even give him a time to answer I'd just go home with her out of here. I went to every person, every boy, every girl I even went by the teachers. With 12 kids got saved that morning. I never will forget years ago shaking people's hands and then every now and then somebody would say sign my Bible and walked up and that's something I've got to the place where somebody would ask me to sign the Bible. I thought oh well I've got it. Anyhow I got in the habit with a distal especially with kids when I signed their Bible and I said what's your name? And they went my name's Brandon. I said hey Brandon, let me ask you a question. You know the Lord as your Savior? As I'm handing them their Bible back. I just got in the habit of doing that with kids and this lady and I just don't know how to say it's an elderly lady. She had snowy white hair, sweet lady. We've been in meet and all the way home. And anyhow she handed me her Bible. She put your sign in my Bible and I said yes ma'am I'd be honored and I signed it and as I'm folding it I said ma'am can I ask you a question? I said do you know the Lord as your Savior? And even in my mind bro this tell I thought why not just ask this lady there. And brother Ali she looked at me and she snatched her Bible. She said yes I do. Like it offended her that I asked her. Can I say something? It's never offended me. You offended anybody asked me was I saved. And I thought I wonder if the old sister maybe missing a little something. She missing a sweet spirit I know that man. I should question. The reality I think I've convinced you and I can't even give you a biblical proof that not somebody's going to hate it. I don't know that it's somebody here. But I guarantee you somebody within hands reaches somebody here will soon be offered in time. Wouldn't surprised me a bit to come into the house of God tomorrow night and somebody said creature I had a friend in the car red. Or you say why? Because it's happened to me times. But tonight I don't ask you a question. And I don't want you to tell me what your mama said or what your daddy said or what papa said. But I want you to answer in your heart. That's your question. If you were to take that son of a breath. Do you know that you know?

