Mary. Suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, dead, and buried, he descended into hell. The third day he arose again from the dead, he ascended into heaven and stood at the right hand of God the Father Almighty. From then he shall come to judge the quick and the dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost, I believe in holy Catholic Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, and the life everlasting. Amen. First Timothy 5, starting at verse 1. Rebuke not an elder, but entreat him as a father and the younger men as brethren. The elder women as mothers, the younger as sisters, with all purity, honor widows that are widows indeed. But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn, fresh to show plighty at home, and to requite their parents for that is good and acceptable before God. Now she that is a widow indeed and desolate, trusted in God, and continue with in some applications and prayers night and day. But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth. And these things give I in charge, I'll read that again, and these things give in charge that they may be blameless. But if any provide not for his own and especially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith and is worse than an infidel. Let not a widow be taken into the number under three score years old, having been the wife of one man. Well reported of for good works, if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work. But the younger widows refuse for when they have begun to wax want an against Christ they will marry, having damnation because they have cast off their first faith. And with all they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house and not only idle, but tatlers also and busy bodies, speaking things which they ought not. I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary, to speak reproachfully. For some are already turned aside after Satan. If any man or woman that believeeth have widows let them relieve them and let not the church be charged, that it may relieve them that are widows indeed. Let's take the faith of Lord Imprainer. They thou would pray in us with unspeakable words, what that's unto thee and for the comfort of thy people. When we speak words, what are words without a heart, they are about working in our hearts, we sigh and sometimes we can't even say what we sigh about. Lord, therefore we draw an eye into thee, thou art good and good doing and even if sometimes it seems to be that there are a lion for thy people, like Job's thought, thou art still doing good, for thou art only good and righteous in thy goodness and good in thy righteousness. Remember, as this evening that we may open the scriptures to the honour of thy name, to the welfare of the souls, to the comfort of thy own. Give us please opening and hearing and speaking. We confess that

