O would to God, my whole family, would have the Spirit of God. I can't bear the thought of one going through life without the Spirit of God, O would to God that all the people were prophets, and His Spirit would be upon Him. It's those who know something of the preciousness, of the Spirit of God, and of His grace that have a desire this afternoon, for the Spirit yourself, and for the Spirit to come upon all. And that is how can that be? And we ask, how can the Spirit come? Then our final point is Christ's greatness. As we hear Moses with his longing for his Spirit to come upon all, it's a longing that is answered in the promises of God. They fill the prophecies of Isaiah and other prophets of how the Spirit would come, or you can think especially of Joel 2, to come to pass afterward that I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughter shall prophesy, and your old men shall dream dreams, and your young men shall see visions. Also upon the servants and the handmade in those days will I pour out my Spirit. Many more prophecies could be given, but do we not see them answered in Pentecost? What is Pentecost? But the pouring out of the Spirit upon all flesh, coming upon the people sovereignly, powerfully, graciously, not seventy, but three thousand that one day receiving the Spirit of God, and shortly later five thousand, the Spirit has come. He has come to work that new birth, he has come to work faith and repentance, he has come to live in the heart of every believer and be the bond with Christ. The Spirit has come. Do you know it? You convince that the Spirit has come and been poured out because he has also come to you, and work these things in you, so that you have become a true Christian. As we memorize in the catechism to be a Christian is to be a partaker of the anointing of Christ, the Holy Spirit, and thus to become a prophet, priest in King, or that all the people were prophets. It is in the way of receiving the Spirit to unite to Christ, and so to receive that grace of Christ that makes you a prophet. And how does the Spirit unite to Christ? And how does the Spirit work? And why would the Spirit ever work? It is under the preaching of this Christ, of this Christ, and that is why we end with this Christ, this afternoon. He is the one who is so much greater than Moses. Sometimes we can wonder why does the Scriptures record the weakness of these great men in the Old Testament like Moses or like Elijah or like these others? Why do we find them in their weakness? I think it's in order to show us the insufficiency and the weakness of the greatest servants of God, so that we would look beyond the greatest of God's servants, even a Moses who is there on the ground, to one so much greater the Lord Jesus Christ. One who received a burden, a burden not just of two million people, but a burden of an innumerable company of people, which no man can number. He received that burden, not of nice people, but of sinners, of the ungodly, of those without strength. His father had said, ask of me, and I will give the heathen for thine inheritance. Heathen.

