of the gospel according to the power of God, who has saved us and called us with a holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began. In other words, our lives are blessed of God. He has given us all things that pertain to the life and godliness in Jesus Christ before the foundation of the world. His grace has been manifested to us. It was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began. And this is so beautiful. So nothing is by accident. What was given? Well God's purpose and grace. Note the verb was. It's emphasizing perhaps the grace, but you would think it would be word. Purpose and grace were, unless it's the antecedent is going back to calling, but the calling is in time and the purpose and grace is in eternity. And so the idea here, I believe what is being said is the purpose and grace are tied together. God's purpose is to demonstrate grace to those that he has chosen in Jesus Christ. Now where was it given? In Christ Jesus. When was it given before the foundation of the world to whom this purpose and grace was given to those that are called? And the calling is the effectual working of quickening and believing the gospel. If you believe the gospel effectively and receive the Spirit of God, you are the called. You have been affectionately called. And so this calling is an effectual calling of God's grace. Listen to Isaiah 4812, hearken unto me, O Jacob, and Israel, my called. I am He. I am the first and I am the last. God called to nation. Now is this the way it happened? Did God send out prophets to all the nations of the world and say God is calling you. God is calling you. God is calling you. God is calling you. Did He sent prophets to all the nations of the world? The only one that answered the call was Israel. God said, OK, you answered the call. You're my nation. Is that the way it happened? No. God affectionately came down and manifested Himself to Israel. And He spoke to them and He gave them covenants and promises and blessings. He did it by a sovereign grace of all the nations of the earth. You only have I known Israel. And so it was God's choice. It was God's election. Now we know that that was a natural thing because not everyone that is born of Israel is of the Israel of God. And so there was some natural election there in purposes that manifest spiritually what takes place in Jesus Christ and the spiritual nation and the spiritual Israel. But it is on the basic promise and same premise as God's election, you see, with that nation. Now our verse has an argument going back to Romans. Now let me invite you back to Romans 8. And the Bible wants to give us arguments. The Bible wants us to have to think. I mean, we need to think and to reason. I mean, many times people are depressed because they're not thinking. They're just overcome with thoughts. And the thoughts are just filling their mind. And they're not challenging those thoughts. They're not receiving the true thoughts and casting out the bad. They're not evaluating the thoughts. They're just filling their mind. And so their mind is not thinking. Their mind is not setting in judgment. Their mind is not guarding their soul. And they're just overwhelmed with all these thoughts of anxiety and all these things. And they're just overcome because they're not standing at the eye gate and the ear gate and the mind gate as the new person in Christ Jesus empowered by God and asking God's help to take care of these thoughts, you see. To reject the evil to put on the good is the idea. Now look at chapter 8 verse 32. He that spared not his own son but delivered him up for his all. How shall he not with him also for the give us all things? Here's the argument. The argument is from the greater to the lesser. If God gave you his son and this could be taken two ways, he spared not. In other words, God gave the greatest thing that he gave his own son. So if God spared the great, did not spare the greatest thing that he could give his own son. And he did not spare his son in that even though he was a son, he died on the cross.

