Well, Joshua chapter 6, we left off on verse 5 and what we see here is the actual execution of the first military campaign or what I like to call faith campaign. We saw the element of faith at work in the preparation for the battle, the instructions that are given. And it started with Joshua getting the instructions, now we go on further to Joshua giving the instructions to the rest of the people. But we see that this particular campaign that God is directed to them to begin with, it goes right in the very center of Canaan land. It goes and drives a wedge between the northern Canaanites and the southern Canaanites. To split, divide and conquer, concept the Canaanites, it gets them right in the gut if you will between those two armies or those two parts of Canaan. What we now see is how these particular instructions are carried out, how they were actually executed. And we know that Joshua understood that he was guaranteed the victory, but he also understood that God's ordained way and God's ordained means is that he gives a word and God's people obey the word. Those are the typical ordained means that God uses faith and this is what we will look at these three things. Faith comes with by hearing the word, that's number one. Number two, we see that faith without works is dead. Number three, the resulting execution of all that is faith is a victory that overcomes, in this case, Jericho or the world in our case. So we see those three elements here in this text and we're going to divide it up a little differently because when we'll tie into the next chapter, the next time around, God willing. So many today are walking by sight instead of walking by faith. And as a result, people are discouraged and we've all been there. I've been discouraged and downcast because of one thing and there's always something to be discouraged and downcast about in this world. We need to choose to live by faith and to walk by faith and not allow the enemy to gain advantage over us but we defiantly do what God tells us to do and look unto the author and finisher of our faith, the Lord Jesus Christ. We don't want to have the spirit that the children and the visceral have before that says, oh, the people too great, the walls are too tall, we're not going to be able to overcome. That's the kind of attitude that so many people have today. And the other one is, well, we're going to do something else besides what God says to do and they resort to their own devices. When we see all that is thrown out the window as we look at this text here, we know that the Lord tells us that we're not to be anxious or careful about anything. But in everything by prayer and supplication, that great act of faith, we are to what? Make our request known in the God. We are giving thanks unto God. But we see that all that the Father gave Christ shall come to Him. So when we're involved in evangelistic efforts to go out into Satan's territory, we need to recognize that God is sovereign. He's sovereign over all. He's called us with the ordained means of the Word and of prayer. But in the end, God, the casting of the Lord, if you will, is at God's disposal. He's the one that's in control of it. Kings rise and kings fall at the almighty decree of our creator, God. And so whether we're talking about the spiritual landscape or whether we're talking about the political landscape or whatever kind of landscape we're going to talk about, God is in control. We closed last week and we're going to be dealing with this week of Hebrews chapter 11, verse 30, by faith, the walls of Jericho fell down after there comes about seven days.

