We are subtly saying that changing our child's heart is about my effort. In that loud voice and the escalating threat and the name calling and the words of condemnation and the ever-worsening punishments and telling our children how bad they are and giving them silent treatment and withholding affection, those are all ineffective. Your children need you to exercise authority as the representative of the author of all meaningful and lasting change. It is true that especially with you dads, with a child half of your size, that you are a threatening, intimidating presence. In angry eyes and a red face and pointed fingers and loud voice, those will all make your child afraid. But being afraid of you is profoundly different than having a child who is motivated by an internal desire to do what is right and a knowledge that he or she needs God's help in order to do it. Because a frightened child has not changed. He is simply trying to avoid your threats. Remember that you represent a God who has not satisfied himself with simply using his power to control us. You serve a God who is not every time you go down the wrong direction, sending down a lightning bolt to make you go back. And there comes a time in the life of old children when they are no longer threatened by their parents. They get bigger. Moms, they get bigger than you. Sometimes dads, they get bigger than you. And threats without grace will fail. And please understand that I'm not talking about a lack of discipline. I'm not talking about somehow justifying things that are sinful and calling wrong right. What I'm talking about is exercising authority that trusts in the transforming grace of the Holy Spirit and what that means is that you don't... This is what it means at a practical level for you as a parent. You don't have to keep getting up every morning and shouldering the heavy burden of your children's change. Rather you can start getting up and surrendering everything that you will do and say to the God who can change you and has sent you to be his representative. If you've been trying to shoulder a God-sized task all by yourself, it's no wonder that you are exhausted and anxious and frustrated. And maybe fear and intimidation is not your method. Maybe it's positive reinforcement. Giving rewards is a popular way that we fight our inability to change our children. It's often an avenue of last resort. After all, it seems that our children change when we offer them things. Your daughter has been so diligent this last month in doing what you asked her to do. It is true, of course, that she does get a marble to put in her jar every day that the chores are done without complaint. And yes, a full jar means a trip to the store to buy something that she wants. But look at her consistent good behavior. Well, parents, the likelihood is that your daughter has not suddenly learned the ethic of hard and excellent work for the glory of God and the importance of honoring you her parents. More likely, the reason that she is consistently doing her chores on time each day is because she loves herself. Worse, though not consciously intending to do so, you are teaching your daughter a skill that you probably don't want her to have. It's what Paul Tripp calls the skill of moral economics. And as the rewards are waived before her, she does a cost benefit analysis. She asks herself, is the reward they are offering me? A big enough payment for the behavior that they want from me. But true change is about learning what is right. It is about acknowledging what is right.

