It's about confessing when we've been wrong. It's committing to a new way of life and seeking the help we need to do it. And typically with reward systems, as children mature, the cost for what you need to produce from them, what you want, grows until there is nothing that you can afford that will motivate them to do what you want them to do. Well, some of us don't fall into the fear and intimidation or the positive reinforcement modes. Instead, we fall into the shame and guilt mode. You may find yourself telling your children regularly that you cannot believe their behavior. I just cannot believe that this is you. Especially after all that you've been given, all that we have done for you, and this is how you respond. And whether it's intentional or not, saying these things is an attempt to shame our children into doing what is right. However, like the other ineffective methods that we've been talking about, making a child feel guilty about what he or she has done to us is very different than helping a child gain insight into how their sin ultimately impacts their relationship with the Lord. What you want to see is a guilt, if there's going to be guilt towards God, and a desire to change. But if you keep trying to motivate your child by making them feel guilty for offending you personally, at some point every child quits being moved by guilt and begins to be tired of being put down. And at some point, children begin to understand the dynamics of their relationship with you, and many just leave. In those types of situations, many just leave. Remember that because God is about saving us from ourselves that He is unwilling to settle for anything less than heart change. And based upon what we talked about two weeks ago, our goals and our priorities must be the same as the Lord's. And so we cannot settle for anything else. But we also must remember that we have no ability to do this work on our own. It's only after we realize that, that we will be able to emit our powerlessness as a parent and not live in a constant state of panic and frustration. Now I'm not saying that realizing these things makes parenting any easier. There will be days that your heart aches over the state of your children. After all, Paul described his own shepherding of the church as like a woman in the pain of childbirth. There is and there will be pain. But you serve a gloriously loving and powerful Redeemer who loves your children more than you do. And as evidence of that love, He has placed your children in a family of faith. Where the stories of His love will be heard again and again. And He has the power beyond your ability to understand more than you could possibly ask for. Peter says that the same power that he exercised to raise Jesus from the dead He now brings to bear upon bringing conviction and change to your children. So what I am saying is that biblical parenting is both a humble admission of personal powerlessness and a confident trust and rest in the power and grace of God. And that does bring peace. In verses 8 to 9, Peter says that a Christian can be at times ineffective or unfruitful because they forget who they are and what they have been given. We have already seen how easy it is to forget that God only has the power to change the hearts of our children. There is another thing that parents forget. Something that often cripples us. Namely, we forget that as verse 3 says that all things have been given to us in Christ and instead we look for things like affirmation, love, dignity, and success from our children. This forgetfulness explains why children have such a profound ability to hurt their parents and to make them so angry. It explains why we take the success or failure of our children.

