he produces his fruit in us. His spirit bears witness with our spirit. And he comforts us. And he lives within us. And he guides us. And Jesus is our pastor. And he leads us by still waters. And he teaches us. And he helps us. And he cares for us. In John chapter 10 says that all of this is taking place where? Anybody remember? John 10, in the hands of God, the hands of the Father. John 10 says the believer is in the hands of the Father. And no one can pluck us out of the hands of the Father. And we cannot fall out of the hands of the Father. And we are safe and secure in the hands of the Father. And we have Jesus our paraclete doing everything he does in our life. And we have the Holy Spirit doing everything that he does in our life. We are not alone. Do you believe this? I'm gonna call you back in just a couple of minutes here. This Greek word paracly appears five times in the Greek New Testament. In the English versions, it's translated different ways. But in the Greek New Testament, paracly appears five times. Let's look at them quickly here. So the first one in here is in John 14, 16, correct? And I will ask the Father and He will give you another paraclete, another helper to be with you forever. He is the spirit of truth. And we see a little bit about what He will do in our lives when He comes. I'm sorry, yes. And go over verse 26. 14, 26. The second time this Greek word appears in the Greek New Testament. But the paraclete, the helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, He will teach you all things and He will remind you of things and He will do different things. And little by little Jesus is sharing with us some of the ministry of the Holy Spirit here to encourage the disciples, to encourage them. You are not alone. Doesn't matter that no one else walks in your shoe. Doesn't matter that you receive two or three waves and hits. And you're like David of the Psalms. I'm in a myri pit that I'm in the mud. And I can barely see the light of day. And I need someone to reach down and pull me out. And that someone is God. Doesn't matter that no one else doesn't fully understand. I've tried to explain to my husband. I've tried to explain my wife, but he or she does not have my personality. Doesn't understand how this is impacting me. And sometimes no one can understand and no one can walk in your shoes, but God does. God does. He is your perfect divine paracly, who is with you and he is sufficient for whatever your need is. What is it? Economy, job, health, sickness, parents, marriage, children, accident. What is it? God is big enough. God is bigger than our past. Do you believe that? He's bigger than the bad, sinful things that I have done. And he's bigger than what other people have done to me. You still remember what that fifth grade teacher told you and said to you and humiliated you in front of the whole class. And what that uncle did to you and what that person did to you and what your spouse said to you in a fit of anger. I don't even know why we're together in a fit of anger. God is bigger than your past. What you have done and what other people have done. You are not controlled and limited by your past. God is bigger than that. God is bigger than your present circumstances. Which of the 15 examples that I shared with you are you going through? Or which of the three or four are you going through? And God is bigger than all of that. And he is bigger than your future needs and fears and circumstances. And we're in the Father's hands. And Jesus Christ, our paraclyc, and the Holy Spirit is with us and understands us and can help us whatever our unique need is. It doesn't matter. You are not alone. God's power is bigger than all of these things that happen and happen to us. Amen? The third time it appears as in chapter 15, you with me here quickly, 1526. 1526. But when the paraclyc comes,

