And the next words that we find slipping off the lips of the great King of Grypah almost, the upper swatiss me to be a Christian. See tonight if you're Christianity were to come into question, you would talk about maybe going to church with mama or going to church with daddy or going to church with grandma and what God did here and what God did for this person and what God did for that person, but you would find yourself void and empty to be able to say this is what God did for me. And tonight you'll be brought to a place of decision whether to accept Christ as your Savior or one more time to reject Him. You said, Pritchard, but you just don't know me. I don't know that the Lord would have saved me if I came to him. I'm so glad you said that because I've got a little verse in the Bible I want to read to you. He said, if any man will come unto me, he said, I will know why it's casting out. Amen. He said, call unto me. I'll answer thee. He said, who so ever shall call on the name of the Lord? Shall be saved. See the fact of the matter is, today we're set for just a few minutes, brother Sam and I talked and we talked about the will of God and discerning the will of God and doing the will of God. And I made this statement. I said, you know what? I said, I've never seen a man or a woman that earnestly desired to do the will of God, that God let him miss it. Can I say something I've never seen a sinner that genuinely wanted to be born again and trust Christ as their Savior and He said no. Tonight you can devolve every excuse you want to and He says come. You can tell Him ever saying you've done and He says I love you. You can tell Him ever deed that you've done against somebody and He says, I've forgiven them and I'll forgive you. You can say but you don't know but you don't know this and you don't know that. Can I tell you something His answer will be the same? Come unto me. I will not cast you out. Tonight the fear and the reality of hell ought to be very present. Can I tell you something even for those of us that are saved? I read to you about the great white throne judgment and revelation and can I tell you something that you and I as the saved will not be standing in this judgment. We will be standing on the side where the Lord is and we'll watch as He judges every one of those people out of that book and the Bible said this that they'll be judged according to their works. They're going to be judged with the things that are written in the books according to their works and the see gives up the dead and the Bible said in death and hell are delivered up and the Bible said this in verse 13, death and hell are delivered up which were in them and they were judged every man according to their works and then He's going to take death and hell and cast it into the lake of fire. This is the second death but then He said whose to whoever is not found written in the book of life was cast into fire. The same if you don't care, slip up here to the piano. There's going to come a day when He takes that book, when He takes that book and the Bible said whose to whoever is not found. And I don't know if you get this picture or not but even for Him to go through this routine shows, I don't know the word to even use it, it shows the fairness of God. Why would He even go through the book? He knows already. But see the fact of the matter is there's probably going to be people that day, they're going to make excuses. What was the old song that we used to sing years ago? And then what about that song that talks about that judgment? Please search the book again. I thought my name was there. I don't say something but be very careful what you say. Sometimes it's not very doctrine of. Because there's going to be people that are going to trust Him before.

