personally. And I want to give you several self-check areas that may indicate that this is what you're doing, that you are seeking affirmation not in the right places, but instead from your children. And the first area is an unhealthy focus on the success of your children. Of course, if you love your children, you want them to do well, you want them to achieve and be respected. But what I am talking about is being so focused, so obsessed and driven by the achievements of your children that you actually want them to succeed because you need them to succeed. You need them to succeed because it is for you an affirmation of who you are as a parent, the proof that you have done well in parenting. Could it be that your children are beginning to break under the heavy load of expectations? Could it be that the resistance that you're seeing or getting is not because they are rebellious or lazy, but because you're asking too much of them, could it be that you are so focused on their accomplishments that you've not paid enough attention to the condition of their hearts? A second self-check area is an unhealthy focus on how our children affect our reputation. God did not give us children to build our reputation, but to proclaim his. And oftentimes we become too worried about what others think about us and what we are doing and how we're doing and that causes us to fear man and that fear in a Christian family often expresses itself in an unwillingness to reveal our struggles. It causes us always to present our children as more perfect than they actually are because to admit weakness would reflect poorly on how we're doing as a parent. And when we are overly concerned about our reputations, we do not seek the help we need in the struggle because in order to seek help, we would have to admit that it's not going so well and that we're powerless. A third area is an unhealthy desire for control. If you need your children to succeed in an enhanced rehabilitation because as a parent you need the affirmation that comes from that then you are likely trying to control situations, locations and people to make sure that that happens. There is a significant difference between exercising authority over our children and a desired exercise so much control over their lives that we can be sure to get from them what we think we need. And under that kind of control our children never have the freedom to make mistakes to learn how to evaluate choices to decide between options to develop a reasonable schedule to recognize their gifts or discern that they are even over committed. And it could be that our desire for their success has caused us to exercise a level of micro management of our children that is actually standing in the way of our child's growth and development. It could be that it's getting in the way from allowing us to rest in the perfectly wise control of God over our families. A final self-check area is an unhealthy emphasis on behavior versus character. This goes back to our talk two weeks ago in our parenting struggle with success reputation and control we begin to lose sight of what actually is of greatest value to the Lord. What our children need most what we need most is not success its redemption. And what we need is not the glory of personal achievement but the glory of God. And it could be that the achievements that we want our children to produce have kept us from focusing on the things that they desperately need but cannot produce. Maybe it's even changed ironically because in these types of situations we may point out we'll go well you know yes we are spending from 4 30 in the morning until seven o'clock at night on academics but wrapped in there.

