in your problems and perhaps we'll preach some others after this. We'll see how that unfolds. But we want to look this evening at Romans chapter 8 and beginning at verse 28 through the end of the chapter. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did for know, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the first born among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, then he also called and whom he called, then he also justified and whom he justified, then he also glorified. What shall we then say to these things of God before us who can be against us? He that spared not his own son but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elected as God that justified who has either condemned it as Christ had died? Ye rather than as risen again, who is even at the right hand of God who also make the intercession for us. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or neckoness or parar or sword? As it is written for thy sake, we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay in all these things, we are more than conquerors to him that loved us. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature. Shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus, our Lord. If we want to have a blessed life and to have peace and joy in our heart in life, we need to have a biblical base for our thinking. We need to have a theological understanding for our thinking. We need to have a theistic biblical view and this we get from the word of God. You see, if you're doing something and you have no idea what to expect and no idea what resources you have or what you are going to encounter, it is very troubling. But if you know what we have in Jesus Christ and you know what to expect in the world and you are able to trust in the Lord, it gives you a comfort and a wisdom because you think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you. You realize that we through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God. You realize that there are difficulties in the Christian life and so we begin this series with the biblical truth that the Christian's present victory is not found in seeking or finding a problem-free life. Christy entity is not the wisdom to know how to live so that you have no problems anymore. And we'll see that clearly in this text. Our present victory is found with Jesus Christ in and through the problems of life. In other words, He teaches us how to live in a world that has problems and with a life in which problems arise. I have seen this so many times that problems are a manifestation of change and if we have the wisdom to know how to change to that which is good and that which is better and that which is the best and we will find a wisdom and an understanding in our life. And so we need to be able to know and understand that and be encouraged that when problems arise it is a red flag going up that in this particular area you need to rethink this. You need to pray about this. You need to cease doing evil and learn how to do well. And so even in a practical sense many times I know just in as far as just problems not personal problems or problems with life but just problems with a car, problems with a house. Many times a problem will expose something that you can take care of and because it arises it helps you and delivers you from something much greater. You know you're all of a sudden you have some funny sound in your car and that's a problem but by ending up in taking care of that you

