Verse 13 says, so that the people could not discern the noise, the shout of joy, for the noise of the weeping of the people, for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off. In the Middle Eastern culture, someone who was sorrowing, someone who was grieving, someone who was crying, it was a very demonstrative, it was very loud, it wasn't, I mean, they wailed. And so you had some people that truly were struck by, as they see the foundation, and they remember in their minds, I, what the glorious temple actually looked like, and they knew it was not going to come close. And God admitted that through Haggai. He says, it's not even close. But understand this, it's most important that you keep first things first. It is not about how beautiful the edifice, how beautiful the building might be. It's how beautiful your worship is. You see, as they finished the temple, they were two, there were some things that were not there, but two of the biggest things, most noticeable and most important that were not there, that when they finished the temple, the Ark of the Covenant was no longer in the Holy of Holies. It was not there. They didn't have it. I'm not sure if Joe Blow, Israelite knew that or not. I'm not sure about that. I may have to do some more study. That might have been a well kept secret, until of course, Jesus died on the cross and the veil was renting too. But that was gone. And here's the other thing, the Shaqina glory of God in the Holy of Holies was gone. So what they had was a shell. What they had was a place that they came to worship. And God said, you go ahead and you worship, you go ahead and you build the temple. I am with you. My friend, our worship is focused from our heart. You don't have to have a building. You don't have to have a sanctuary to worship Almighty God. Now there's something about coming together that it's commanded from the Word of God, that we're not to forsake the assembling of ourselves together as a man or some is. But there are people all over this world who don't have a church building and they have church. Hey man, I mean they have church. They put us to shame. I've been in some of those places and when they sing, but it's not like this, amazing grace. Can they pick another song with the sound that's saying? I mean when when they're not singing on-pissed necessarily, but they're singing big, they're singing loud, and they're thinking about what is they're singing about. And they just dare anybody to look at them and think about what they're singing about. They're singing to the Lord. What's our worship about? I'm thankful that we had some folks come in and do a great job cleaning these carpets. They were really filthy. We'll probably have to have them cleaned again after joining through Christmas. We'll probably have to do it again. That's okay. Has it been with, you know, taking care of what God's given to us, okay? There's nothing wrong with that. But listen, our world does not rotate on, do we have the most beautiful exterior or the most excellent interior or whatever. That's not what that's not what the Holy Spirit kind of bad for church should be about. It's to be about pointing people to the Savior, bringing people that are hurting, bringing people that are emptied and and and destroyed by sin and helping to realize that Jesus crisis the only answer for their life. That's what church is about. And there were some people that when they saw the foundation and they hadn't built anything on it just yet, a boy they had a celebration and they didn't let those that were that were yip-yappen slow them down. So they were shouting and they were praising God while others were saying, oh it's terrible, it's awful, it's not going to be like it was. And those people didn't stop. The grippers, the

