Let us open our Bibles to the Old Testament to the book of Isaiah chapter 7. Isaiah chapter 7, and we will read the first 16 verses of Isaiah 7. And it came to pass in the days of Ahaz, the son of Joseph, the son of Isaiah, King of Judah, that resin the king of Syria and Pika, the son of Remalaya, King of Israel, went up to war Jerusalem to war against it, but could not prevail against it. And it was told the house of David saying, Syria is Confederate with Ephraim, and his heart was moved, and the heart of his people as the trees of the wood are moved with the wind. Then said the Lord unto Isaiah, Go forth now to meet Ahaz, thou, and she are, jashup thy son, at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field. And say unto him, take heed, and be quiet, fear not, neither be faint-hearted, for the two tales of these smoking fire brands, for the fierce anger of resin with Syria and of the son of Remalaya. Because Syria, Ephraim and the son of Remalaya have taken evil counsel against these saying, let us go up against Judah and vex it, and let us make a breach therein for us, and set a king in the midst of it, even the son of Tabiel. The sayeth the Lord God, it shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass, for the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is resin, and within three score and five years shall Ephraim be broken that it be not a people, and the head of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria's Remalaya son. If he will not believe, surely, he shall not be established. Moreover the Lord spake again unto Ahaz, saying, ask the assign of the Lord thy God, ask it either in the depth or in the height above. But Ahaz said, I will not ask, neither will I tempt the Lord. And he said, hear ye now, O house of David, is it a small thing for you to weary men? But will ye weary my God also? Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign. Behold a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Emmanuel. Butter and honey shall ye eat, but he may know to refuse the evil and choose the good. For before the child shall know to refuse the evil and choose the good, the land that thou apporest shall be forsaken of both her kings. The text for this morning sermon is, I say, a 7 verse 14, therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign. Behold a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Emmanuel. Who would you like to have over at your home, boys and girls? Who would you like to have with you, maybe especially during the weeks of vacation, maybe Christmas vacation, or summer vacation you ask, Mom? Can I have my friend over? It's nice to have someone to be with you. We don't like to be alone. Do you know, boys and girls, that there are many people all alone, people who have lost a loved one? Maybe you know of someone who's alone much of the time, and you won't forget about them, will you children? No, we don't like to be alone, especially in trials. That's when we turn to someone, and that's what happens to in our chapter. It's always nicer to be with two of you, and that's how resin and peca have formed an alliance together. That's how Isaiah may go with his son, she, or Jashup, and Ahaz will turn to Assyria, but Isaiah says, you know, the one you need.

