do something similar here, we're going to look at it in a similar way back up and look at it differently, not as much as we did the other one, but in a similar way. Genesis 18 and verse 17. Very familiar scripture, the Lord is going to about to send destruction or judgment upon Sodom Gamor. He stops by alone the way to speak to Abraham about it, which that in itself is kind of weird. Let me think about this. The God is getting ready to destroy some city in our world. He came by knocking on your door and said, hey, let me tell you what I'm going to do. What do you think about it? You'd be like, you're God. Do what you want. Just don't destroy me, okay? It's odd to think, but yet the Lord stops and talks to Abraham about this. Genesis 18, look at this verse 17. When the Lord said, shall I hide from Abraham the thing which I do? See, that Abraham should surely become a great mighty nation. All the nations there shall be blessed in him. For I know him that he will command his children, now I know him. Now, obviously that's true because he's God, but he's going to deal with a more personal part here. For I know him that he will command his children, his house, sold after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment. And that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he has spoken of him. And the Lord said because the Christ, Sodom, Gomorrah is great because their sin is very grievous, I will go down now and see whether they have done altogether according to the Christ which is coming to me. And if not, I will know. And the men turn their faces from then and went towards Sodom for watches, but Abraham stood yet before the Lord. Now, look at the next verse. And Abraham drew near and said, with I also destroyed their righteous with the wicked, that's a very bold statement. He's basically saying this, Lord, I know you. And I know some things about you. We've had some time together and I know that that's not what you would do. Now this whole starting in verse 23 going forward and the intercession of Abraham is some great verses, great preaching there. And we can look at it this way and say, here, notice how he prayed it. Notice how he got down to the 10 and how we think, boy, there's a remnant, the God will spare a nation and we pray that for our nation and other nations. And there's some truth to that. But if we back up similar and look at the other way, what does this begin with? It begins with this idea that God and Abraham are for him. So the whole intercession is built first on this relationship. If this was the first time that Abraham ever met God, I don't think he has said, now wait a minute, but yet notice Abraham is standing before the Lord and say, now Lord, wait a minute, we got to talk about this. The intercession is built on that relationship. And so the better we know God, the more we are able to pray boldly for what we need. That's part of this idea of relationship. Let me give you the third teaching here as we progress through Luke. Back to Luke 11. So we see this thread of relationship going through all these different things that's going on. Luke 11. Luke was meeting verse 23. Again, we're again jumping through this and because there are some things we're not mentioning, but we'll just jump into verse 23. He that is not with me is against me. I give you a background because I just feel odd not to. They just basically said, you have the devil. That's why you're casting out devils. Jesus, I'll paraphrase. He basically says, you're stupid. If I was of the devil, I would not be casting out devil. You're just stupid. That's kind of in the Greek there. So now he's dealing with them about this. He that is not with me is against me and he that gathers not with me, scattereth. Then he uses another illustration. Notice what he says here. When the unclean spirit has gone out of man, he walk through dry places seeking rest and finding none. And finding none, he says, I will return into my house once I came out where he just got kicked out of. And when he comes, he finds it in this house swept and garnished. Now that part is what throws us. We'll explain what's going on here in a moment. Then go with he, this unclean spirit, and take it to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself. They enter in and dwell there. And the last state of that man is worse than the first. Now hold your place there. Go with me to Matthew 12. When we look at a corresponding gospel account, now help us understand what he's saying. Matthew chapter 12. Matthew chapter 12. Verse 43. When the unclean spirit has gone out of man, he walketh through dry place.

