The helper comes, whom I will send to you from the Father, the Spirit of truth who proceeds from the Father, He will bear witness with me and you also bear witness. So we're seeing pieces of what the Holy Spirit will do with us. Chapter 16, verses 7 and 8, 16, 7 and 8. Nevertheless I tell you the truth, it is to your advantage that I go away. You don't want me to go away, but it is to your advantage. And if I go away, I will be with you spiritually. I have been your spiritual paracly and I will continue to be your spiritual paracly. Nothing changes, just my body is not here. But if I do not go away, the paracly, the helper will not come to you, but if I go, I will send him to you. He convicts the world of sin and righteousness and he also does a work in us to prick our conscience when we are walking in disobedience. That relationship that you're pursuing right now, with that person who does not have an intimate relationship with God who doesn't know Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Savior is leading nowhere. And those things that you're involved in are taking you down a wrong path. And the Holy Spirit will prick our conscience with the word of God and speak to us. Pents on it we're listening as it says in Revelation. He who has an ear, hear what the Holy Spirit has to say to us. And there's one more portion of the scripture where this word appears. Go with me to near the end of the Bible, 1 John chapter 2. 1 John chapter 2. Are you alone? You are not alone. Does anybody else walk in your shoes? It doesn't matter. God understands. He is with you. You are not limited by your past. We have scars from the past. Our past affect us. Sometimes we need some special counsel in our help to forgive and overcome some things. But we are not limited or controlled by our past. God is bigger than that. He's bigger than our present circumstances where we don't know what to do. Remember the answer is not in neat circumstances. The answer is in a person. And the future and we're getting older and our parents are getting older and the economy is getting worse. And what about our children and what about the future of our country and what about all these things and God is bigger than the future and the things that will come on our plate. Doesn't matter. We have a perfect divine, omnipotent, paraclete who can meet all of our needs regardless of the circumstances. Imagine a God that is limited by circumstances. What can a God would that be? That is not our God. That is not the God of the Bible. That is not our paraclete. First John 2.1. My little children, I am writing these things to you so that you may not sin, but if anyone does sin, we have a paraclete with the Father Christ Jesus. Well, it's telling us once again that Jesus is our paraclete when we already knew that from John, but it's the same Greek word paraclete here and is simply emphasizing one of his ministry roles where Jesus is our defender. And Satan accuses us. Jesus steps in and says, they're my children. They're covered by my blood. You have no place or part here. And when people attack us, I've been attacked in the ministry even in new church plants. And people attack us and they don't understand and maybe they've attacked you, family members attacked you and they don't understand. And you try to give the best explanation you can give and they don't want to understand it. They don't want to understand it. There's nothing more you can say. And so Jesus, our paraclete, steps up, our defender, our intercessor. And at some point in time, he can bring the truth to life. And we just have to rest in him because this is going to tear us up. These two families in the church, they don't want to understand. I've explained it to him twice. They don't want to understand it. They're against me. My family, my relative, I've explained it to him. This is not the way it was. This is the way it was. They don't want to understand. There's nothing more I can say. It's just tearing me up. Turn it over to your paraclete. Jesus will have to step up and defend you and bring the truth to light in his timing. Just rest in him. Rest in him. And so we have a perfect divine paraclete. We are never alone. Doesn't matter how many waves hit us. It doesn't matter. Nobody can walk on our shoes. Not even our spouse. God is with us. We are not alone. He is sufficient. Now here's something that is very, very interesting which really impacted my heart. Go back with me to 1 Thessalonians 5. There's an incredible application here that we need to understand that God has really impacted my heart.

