and facing another hard parenting day. And God is with you. And He gifts you with His presence. And He really does live inside of you. That's what Peter tells us. And friends, it doesn't mean that God is telling you to deny the reality of every day. He doesn't ask you to minimize how hard it is to raise a God-fearing God-loving God-serving child in our world. But He does ask you to act in a way that's consistent with His Word. And He wants you to humbly face the reality of what your children need and how you struggle as a parent and to remember the grace and peace that has been offered to you. If you don't remember those things, you will soon be overwhelmed and defeated and guilty. And your children will be exasperated and it will be this endless cycle that you'll get to the end of it and look back and go, what just happened? Friends, when we parent ineffectively in the belief that we have the power to change our children or when we parent forgetting the progressive sanctification of our children through His grace or when we look for our affirmation from our parenting and our children, we load burden after burden, after burden upon our shoulders, that you will not be able to bear and you will ultimately give way to fear and worry and sorrow and guilt. The best thing that you can do for your children is not something that you will actually do for them but something you will do for yourself. And it is this, it will be to remember what we read this morning. Remember the one who sent you and that He gives you grace, peace, and everything that you actually need to be fruitful. Let God bear the task of changing the hearts of your children because He is the only one who can. Let Him be your affirmation. Let's pray. Father, as we consider these things and we feel, at least I feel, myself exposed before all of these things because I have tried all of them. I have often parented in fear and intimidation or positive reinforcement or shame and guilt. I have often looked at the success of my children as reflective of what I needed from them to feel worthy in the call of being a parent. I have often seen their reputation as being my reputation. I have forgotten that it takes a lifetime to sanctify us and I have wanted to see instant change and brokenness especially after I have disciplined my child for the 20th time for the same thing. And Lord, I suspect that all the parents here in the same situation all feel ourselves exposed by Your Word this morning. And I pray that You would in that exposure heal us, sanctify us. You break us over our sinful reliance upon ourselves or looking for affirmation to our children instead of looking for the resource of strength and looking for our value and our identity in you. Lord, You can change your children and so we give them over to You this morning. Help us to keep pointing them to You. Help us to keep drawing them as Solomon's would his son over and over again to give us their hearts because we want to give them to You. We want to point them to You. It's in Jesus name we pray these things. Amen.

