power was the visible Christ manifesting Himself and that indeed will bring in the resurrection from the dead and eternal things. Now listen to Romans 5, 10. Let's look at the argument there. Romans 5, 10. You'll see, see all these are arguments, if arguments. And we need to think that way. We need to be able to reason. We need to be able to think. All right, 5, 10. For if when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of His Son, much more being reconciled, we shall be saved by His life. Now listen to this. Here's what He's saying. We were reconciled when we were enemies, in other words at our worst state, and Christ at the time of His greatest weakness when He died. So when we were in our worst estate, we were enemies. And Christ when His greatest time of weakness is death, if in our most wicked state and in His weakest time, He reconciled us. Now that we are already reconciled, meaning that God's wrath is removed in their friendship. And Christ is not on the cross. He is resurrected and risen and seated above all power and glory in heaven exalted. How much more is He going to save us with His life? You see, that's the argument to the less of the greater, you see. And He wants us to be able to think this way. Look with me. Go back to Romans 8 and look at the argument there. You see, look at all these questions. A bunch of questions. Let's start up at verse 31. What shall we then say to these things if God before a suit can be against us? Now stop and they answer that tonight. In your heart and mind, right now answer that. If God is for you, what can be against you? Because if something's against you, it's against God. Okay? He that spared not His own son, but delivered him up for his all-house shall he not with him also freely give us all thing. Is there anything that you're going to need that he's going to withhold seeing he has given you his own son? Verse 33, who shall I anything to the charge of God's elected as God to justify it? In other words, what charge could be brought against you? You know when you go to the Supreme Court and they try something, what happens after they try it at the Supreme Court? That's it. That's done deal. You see, God's the Supreme Court. And if God has justified you and He is dealt with all charges, there is no appeal. Who's going to appeal God? You see, I mean God would have to have said, well, wait, let me go through the, and I don't mean to be disrespectful, but this is people believing to loss the salvation. This is the way they think. Wait a minute. Now, let me go through the paperwork. Maybe I missed something. I hope I did that right. I mean, that's the way they view God. Is though he missed something. Listen, if God justifies you, all the paperwork's taken care of. And it's all bloodstain. That's why it's taken care of with the blood of Christ. And then he says, who is going to condemn you? It's Christ that died for you. You see, if he condemns you, he's condemning the work of his own son. If the work of Jesus is what justifies you, and God then turns around and condemns you after you're justified, then he is condemning his own son and his work. And then who shall separate us? It's interesting. He says, who, and then he deals with a bunch of watts, because there seems to be a mind and personality, personality and evil spirits behind things. But who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation distress or persecution, neckonness or pair our sword? That is as written for thy sake, we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay in all these things, we are more than conquerors to him that loved us. Paul says, where I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature. Shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. I mean, what can you do about that? Now, it's because people misrepresent the love of God. They have him loving people and hell the same as he loves people in heaven, and they've got a distorted, confused understanding of God's love. Okay? God's love is a sexual. God's love accomplishes its purpose, and everyone that God has said his love upon, said his grace upon, you will never...

