rightly divide the Word that we spend time in understanding and working out these doctrines, not so that we can boast of, hey, we have got this figured out or we're better than someone else, no, so that we can then witness to other people. And even the method that Paul uses gives us a way to do that. That is how are we to tell people about Christ? Well, we tell them what the Scriptures say. What does the Scriptures say about the condition of man? Okay? And we show them how that it does show that man is under sin. And so that's a good model for, again, witnessing for the gospel, telling people about Christ. Why should anybody be saved? Why should people trust Jesus Christ because they're under sin? And they need Jesus, not just because He's going to make their life better, make them happier and like that. He does that. But because they are under sin, they're under the condemnation of sin and headed for hell. So it's very important that we understand not just this idea and a general sense, but we understand it well enough to explain to people what it means to be under sin. So in these verses, Paul is, again, he's, he strung several verses together, taking them from different places. And I want to maybe just walk through some of this a little bit. I'm not going to go deal with every single phrase, but you know, let's look at verses 10 through 12, for example. He said, there is none righteous, no not one. There is none that understand it. There's none that seeketh after God. They're all going out of the way. There to be cut together, become unprofitable. There is none that doeth good, no not one. So none righteous, no not one. There's not one person throughout the whole history of man who, by their own merit, could stand before a holy God. Why? Because there's none good. I like the way that Solomon says in Ecclesiastes 7 and 20, he says, for there is not a just man upon earth that doeth good and sineth not. That's just plain as it can be. I mean, what is the problem of man? Well, the problem is, is that there's not a single person who is just and does not sin. Every single person has sin. Okay? And even when we do good, that is, even when we do that, which is good, it's tainted by our sin. We may do good because we want to earn the favor of God or because, in many cases, people are doing good, they go to church, they pay their time, they go through the rituals because they think that, by doing so, they will earn a place in heaven. So basically, all works based religion are people who are trying to earn their way to heaven. So it's not because they love God, it's because they love themselves. So even their seemingly good actions are tainted by sin. So again, Solomon says, for there is not a just man upon earth that doeth good and sineth not. He says, Paul says, there's none that understand none that seeketh after God. So again, this comes from Psalms 42, excuse me, Psalms 14. And in Psalms 14 verse 2, we read, the Lord looked down from heaven upon the children of men to see if there were any that did understand and seek God. So he looks down and he finds none. So in other words, man does not naturally see the value of God. He does not naturally seek after God. He tends to lift up himself rather than lifting God. Remember that Paul in describing the last days, and we've been in the last day since Jesus ascended up into heaven. He says that in the last days, men will be lovers of sale. And then also he says, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God. Well, that's the condition of man. And it's always been the condition of man, but it gets worse and worse as the latter days approach. In fact, he tells us in the book of a Romans, he says, the carnal mind is enmity against God, for it is not subdued to love God, neither indeed can be. So in other words, we have this natural aversion to God. We are people who won't see in more than we won't God. That's our natural tendency. We have a propensity to see. And let me show you something in Ephesians chapter 4. So just keep your place in Romans and then switch over to Ephesians chapter 4. We're going to read a few verses there. For 17 says this, I say, therefore, in testifying the Lord, that you henceforth, while not is other gen-

