is seeking rest and find it none. Then he says, I returned into my house when once I came out, now watch what he says here. And when he has come, he finds it empty, swept and garnished. So Matthew fills us in with one of those words that is not found in Luke, but is not just swept and garnished, but is empty, swept and garnished. So here's the third aspect, or third teaching, third concept about relationship. So we talked about, we served joyfully, why? Because of relationship, we pray boldly, why? Because of relationship. Here's number three. You cannot be neutral or uncommitted about the Lord. Say, well, you know, I hear what you say, but I really don't care about relationship. You can't be that way. In fact, you will not be that way. You're never going to stay neutral or uncommitted. Let me give you the explanation, then I'll give you the application. Jesus compares this man to a house out of which we're going to put it kind of, maybe give it a slightly different analogy, it may help us understand it. So he compares this man to a house out of which a bad tenant. Imagine you're renting a house and you have a guy in here in the house and he's got his trash in the house. Okay? And you're like, see you later. Okay? I'm done with you. You messed up. So this bad tenant moves out. So you go in, this man in this house now has been cleaned and repaired. It's already, but it sits empty. That's the problem. It's sitting empty. So this man who just left then comes back as he can't find any other place and he gets seven other other other guys worse at him and they all move into your house. And you're like, this is even going to be worse. And Jesus says that's exactly what I'm talking about. The emptiness, a lot of it, be reoccupied. The prevention against bad tenants would have been the occupancy by good tenant. What he's saying is this, if you to went out and make sure to find the right people to put in your house, then these bad people couldn't move back in. Your problem is this, you left the house empty, which opened the door for the bad people to come back in. You say, okay, what does that have to do with anything? Well, what he applies it to is to us as believers. Okay? And he's applying it also, prophetically, to the nation of Israel there. Let me, let me apply to us as believers. Ready? Our Christian life is not just about stopping bad things. There must also be the starting of good things, like praying, like reading your Bible, like walking with God. You just can't give up. Okay? I'm not going to drink anymore. I'm not going to smoke. I'm not going to cost. Okay, those are all good decisions. But what are you starting to take the place of those things? So not just to stopping a bad, they're also actually the starting of good. And we call this the principle of, anyone know, replacement. Yes, this is called the principle of replacement. We replace bad friends with good friends, bad music, good music, bad habits with good habits, bad activities with good activities. You just cannot just simply say, I'm going to stop all the bad. Good decision won't last unless you start some good things that go along with it. And part of those good things is this relationship with the Lord. We will not stay neutral. Okay? You can't simply say, I'm going to get rid of all the bad, but I really don't want to do those things. I'll just kind of stay here. You're not going to stay there. That's the teaching what Jesus is saying. You're not going to stay neutral. As I said, again, you know, if you're not for me, you're against me. If you're not against me, you're going to be for me. You've got to pick aside. You're not going to stay in the middle. We will not stay neutral. If we do not now watch carefully, if we do not purposely work on our relationship with the Lord, we will be drawn back into the old way. That's why it's teaching. You got to purposely walk with the Lord. You got to purposely reach your body. Because if you don't have this relationship to the Lord, then the old life is so beckoning us to come back. And we can tell you, and it's going to be worse. You know, who's worse off? Not the unsafe person in the bar. The safe person in the bar. He's the most miserable. You know, when you were unsafe and sitting at the bar, at least, at least you could probably kill some of your feelings by the booze. But the Holy Spirit can't be killed that easy. He can't be shut off by getting your brain liqueured up. He's still there, convicting you. The most, the most miserable person is not the lost person in living their sin, but the safe person who's living their habitual, continual sin and will not repent. Now, let me give you this last statement. We'll give

