I thought I was supposed to be another one. I'm on that right. Yeah, okay. Good morning. This is not my weather. We are spoiled in Peru. It is 60 to 80 year-round. Dry summer temperatures. Sunny 330 days of the year. I don't like this weather. But we are excited to be here today. And all of our travels and work, we don't get here that frequently. So it is a blessing to be here today and connect up with so many of you that we know and meet so many new people. What a blessing. My wife Debbie is here with me. If you'll stand, Debbie is with me. She'll share a word in the ABF hour. If you know Don and Viv Bond, Debbie is the youngest of the bond children. And Don and Dad and Mom Bond both went to glory in the last year. But it is a blessing to be here. We really appreciate the support and the opportunity from the pastoral team. Jim Russ and Chris really appreciate that. They're encouraged to meet this opportunity to share with you this morning. In the second hour, we'll be sharing a very detailed, very clear update on what the Lord has been doing over these many years in Peru. So I think it will encourage your faith as you've been praying for us. And I believe that God will be honored and it will really encourage you to see what He has been doing. Taking a pioneer field from zero churches when we arrived till today, we have over 70 churches. You want to hear the story? Come back in the second hour. God is doing great things. It's not us. It's in spite of us. But God is doing great things. Do you feel sometimes beat down by life? Just the waves of life? And just sometimes we feel beat down. Do you remember a few months ago there was that highly publicized fight between McGregor? And who was the other one? Mayweather? Boxing, although rough, has its rules. Have your gloves on. There are rounds. Your opponent gets knocked down. You have to give them at least 10 seconds to get off. Well, you go over in your corner and wait. And then the bell rings and you go and rest for a little bit and you come back. There's no biting, there's no kicking, there's no gouging, there's no hitting below the belt. It's rules, right? There's rules. And Mayweather was from the free fighting arena. And they do martial arts and they do wrestling and they do kickboxing. And those fights are just wild. I mean, they punch, they kick. They'll throw you down on the ground. They can hold you in a stringle hold and be beating on you while they have you down until you give up. Or you're knocked out or whatever. It's almost like there's no rules. Life feels more like that sometimes. We get knocked down and we're just getting off the floor and another shot comes in. And we're just getting off the floor and another shot comes in. Many times life feels like that. It feels like we're just being beat down and there's no rules. What do you do when you feel very alone and that there's no one that fully understands you and can walk in your shoes? What do you do when you find out that your wife has cancer? And then all of these thoughts start spinning in your mind. But what if, but what if in the treatment and the treatment? What is the treatment? And how long is the treatment? And what if the treatment doesn't work? And my children and as our insurance cover it. And what do you do? And you got a thousand, a thousand thoughts spinning through our mind. And then you find out that one of your children isn't walking with the Lord. And you raise them up in biblical principles. And they're adults now. And they're just not walking with the Lord. And then sometimes in some churches, people begin to murmur and criticize you. And you're already beat down. And then sometimes Christians who don't know any better will start to murmur and criticize and judge you. Oh, well, must be they didn't raise their children very well. And so it's another hit on top of another hit. And when you're down sizing, that's what they call it. And you're losing your job. And you don't know what to do. How do we find a job today?

