They didn't like him. They hated him. And they didn't want to speak because it's not that they couldn't ever say anything nice. Is it that they tended to say evil against him? And they just really didn't have anything good to say about him. They didn't want to. And that's the problem with man. It's not that he has no ability to do what God wants him to do. He just doesn't want to. It's a problem of want to. And so that's the problem that man has. The idea that man must be regenerated first in order to believe is clearly not scripture. Go to John chapter 1. Let's look at a couple of verses there. And we'll, we'll wind this up. For John chapter 1, just a couple of verses, verses 12 and 13. He says, but as many as received him to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name. So what does John say? Does regeneration come before faith? No. He says that many as believed him. So clearly putting the responsibility on man, man's winningness to receive him or believe him is using the terms interchangeably. To them gave he power. He gave the authority to become the sons of God. All right. So not regeneration first, faith is first. Or 13, which were born not of blood nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. So what is he saying there? Well, he's saying that regeneration is clearly not an act of man and he's making it two separate issues. Now, frankly, regeneration and faith all happens to us all at one time. But there's still a logical order that must be followed. And certainly those who would say that we could be regenerated years before the case, that makes no sense at all. But nonetheless, there is a logical order. And the order is important. Why? Well, because there are those who would teach that man has to be regenerated first and that God basically forces people to be saved. And that's not the case. What he tells us in verse 13 is they're born again. The new birth is not the work of man. It's not that somehow another we get credit for this new life that is within us. That's not the case. But it does come by faith. So it's all of grace. It's still of grace. But it is through faith. Grace, through faith. I know you feel like I'm beating a horse today, but trust me, this is important, doctrinal distinction that we need to understand. The new birth is clearly an act of God, but it's an act performed for those who would believe the Lord Jesus Christ. It takes the Holy Spirit to draw us. It does. The Holy Spirit's involved in this. And we could spend another, maybe some other time, we'll talk about the idea of resisting the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches that man can resist the Holy Spirit, to explicitly state the book of Acts. You do always resist the Spirit, okay? So clearly people can do that and they do that. So it does take the Holy Spirit drawing, but then once a person believes they are given the new life. So going back to Romans, what's Paul's point? He wants to show that everybody is under sin. Why? Because we have this natural tendency to oppose God. We don't love him. As we should, we don't love our neighbor as we should. And this truth, we can see it observable in history of mankind. We can see it in our own actions. We all can very clearly identify with the Apostle Paul as he describes the struggle that he himself, even as a safe man, has that he says that the things that I would do I do not, the things that I would not, that's what I do. He describes in the book of Galatians a warfare that's taking place within his own heart between the Spirit and the flesh. We can all identify that. Well, why? Because we have that flesh. We have that tendency that we still have. There's a new spirit within us. And there's a new birth. And that new birth is a remarkable thing. And it's very good for us to contemplate just how opposed we naturally are to God. And to understand that because of the act of God of regenerating us, that we are indeed new creatures, that people who delight after the law of God in the inward man, people who enjoy the fellowship with God because that we have been made alive to God. So all of that is part of salvation. And that's the good news of the gospel.

