on before the Lord and blew with the trumpet and the ark of the covenant of the Lord followed them. We see over and over in this chapter the Rams horns been mentioned. Why is that? First of all, these Rams horns were not the silver trumpets that a lot of times were blown. And it just is another evidence of God using those things that are despised. He uses instruments that are despised in the eyes of the world. And so if God is pleased to do that, then not all to be a great encouragement to us who are of the chosen, the despised of the world, the off-gouring of the earth, because God delights so that no flesh would glory in His presence. His strength is made perfect through what? Heatness. And so he even uses the food and sin of preaching to save them that believe. But we see that the seven priests passed on before the Lord. This gives us the indication of what was going on inside inwardly. These priests were engaged with God. They were attentive to Him. They were in fellowship with Him and they conducted themselves accordingly. We see Abraham. There in Genesis 171, God said to Abraham, I am the Almighty God. The El should die. The all-sufficient one. The one who is going to supply all our needs and then He says, walk before me and be thou upright. Knowing that God will supply all of our needs, we don't need to rely on fleshly devices in order for us to work the work of God. But now verse 9, it says, and the arm men went before the priests, blue with the trumpets, and the rear-error came after the ark and the priests going on and blowing with the trumpets. Again, this is them obeying the command. They are faith being accompanied by works. And then verse 10 and Joshua had commanded the people saying, you shall not shout nor make any noise with your voice. Neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth until the day I bid you shout, then shall you shout. So these are more instructions again. They are given to the people. They were told first to compass the city. They were told to pass on before the ark. And now we see a silence that is commanded. Total absolute silence. The amazing thing is, is there is not recorded one person who says, why? They just did it. Why? Because I said so. Basically, what God is saying. And that's the way we ought to look at it. If anyone has the authority to say, you do it just because I said so, he has the authority to do that. And we to respond in that way. It was sufficient for them that God just simply required it. The marching order for the people was complete silence, especially again, because they weren't told why. But there is a time for silence. There is a time to speak. There is a time to be silent. And I think a lot of times that there is a lack of silence. There is irreverence in the place of it. And so much foolish, just to even before services or even during services or after services. We need to have a silent reverence as we prepare our hearts to seek God and the feet of Jesus quite. We need to bear that in mind. Greatly to be feared in the assembly of His saints. And to be had in reverence above them, they are about Him there in Psalms 89. You know, I think about, you know, if the Seraphim had to, they had to veil their faces before the Thrysoli God, how much more so should we in the presence of God have this kind of reverence toward Him in our worship. But then again, we see that ark of a covenant again.

