be separated from that love. You'll never be separated from that grace. It's pretty all-inclusive. I mean it talks about things present and things to come. You say, well I could lose my salvation. Well is that in the present or maybe tomorrow? He said things present or things to come. You see you can't lose it because you're in God, as I've taught you. The Bible says, God dwells in us and we dwell in God. So I don't know about you but I would hate to try to walk out of God. He's pretty big. You say, and so we need to be encouraged and if we understand a few of these things that I'm sharing with you more can be said about this passage but my time is getting away from me. It should help us in our thinking and help us in dealing with problems because if we think right and we believe and we have the spirit's power then we can control our thinking and basically I mean we have a lot of things happen to us but your response to it is basically your life. Have you ever been perfectly, I mean everything's fine and you're miserable? Are you ever had times when everything's miserable and you're fine? Because it's your spirit. You know everything you can be going well and all of a sudden you're troubled, worried and anxiety will come upon you and there's nothing really to worry about. There's no, you know, but all this and then other times everything's happening and you're just there with a smile on your face because you have the grace of God in your heart. And so how you think about things, how you think and this isn't just some kind of imaginary make-believe thing. You see this is the truth. You're able to walk by faith, not by sight. It's not developing an illusion and being able to live like there's a video out about false religions and it shows these people real giddy and they're laughing and their eyes are all glassy. And I mean you can just look at them and you know something's not going on right in the brain. And they have, like they used to have in the second grade awakening people would just start laughing and couldn't stop laughing. Well anything you can't control is not of God. The Bible says self-control. And so basically you understand what I'm saying our joy is not cheap. Our joy is not fabricated. Our joy is based on the truth. It's based on eternity. It's based on the spiritual kingdom you cannot see and the Christ exalted above all things. It is by believing the truth that we have these things. It is by believing the truth that we are set free. It is not some opium of psychological thought. It is believing the truth that gives us this piece and this joy and not believing a lie. This is what liberates us. We know these things. We believe these things and it liberates us because we see things from a biblical perspective, from a theistic perspective, from a theological perspective. And we're able to know what's going on. Even if we don't understand the particulars, we know that in the big picture that God is in control, that He's working out things for our good and His glory and that He'll keep all of His promises. And if we trust in Him, we're going to come out in the other side and let me just close with this one more practical point again. Don't be discouraged when problems come up because something is changing that needs to be changed. You see? So take an observation. Look at that. Live and respond properly. Problems in your marriage, problems in the workplace. A lot of times they come up because there's an attitude in your heart that needs to be changed. There's some wrong thinking that needs to be corrected. There's some testimony that needs to be given to another. God is working something out. If you're in a church and there's never any problems, the church is dead. And if you have a life that never has any problems, I mean you're living like a dead person. Life has problems, but how do you relate to those? Do you just claim up? Do you just try to act like they don't exist? Do you crawl in a corner? Or do you begin to pray and get wisdom and get understanding and in that and through that be more than a conqueror. You see for the glory of God. That's the way that we deal with things. All right, let's stand by their eyes and come and we'll close a diverse of song this evening.

