home to work, to home to church, to home to the store. Well, not on Friday, we didn't, did we? To church, to home to school, and we tend to isolate ourselves within the family. And we're not very good paracletes to a lost world. How are we gonna reach our Jerusalem, our Judea, our Samaritan the world? If we don't understand that we have a paraclete in the ministry also to the world, not just our family in the church body. It's called missions, it's called the great commission, evangelism, making disciples. It's called being salt, it's called being light. It's called leaving your unique fingerprint on another person's soul, which is never erased, and God will determine the fruit you will produce from it. Paracletes, so we need to evaluate what kind of paracly am I with my spouse? You know that looked at you give them and roll your eyes? That sigh, and that comment and the tone of voice, you know all of that stuff, you know what I'm talking about? And with our children and in the church and so forth, how are we doing with our paraclete ministry? And I thank you for paracleting with us missionaries and sending us out and supporting us and praying for us because we're lost without your paracleting ministry. Thank you. Let's pray, let's pray and evaluate what the Lord has for us. Father, we thank you for being our perfect divine, holy, all-powerful paraclete. No need to grate too small, no wave that will overcome the bow and drown us. You are with us, you love us, you have a plan for us, you care about every detail of our life. You have all the power, all of the wisdom, you are bigger than all of that stuff that happened to us, our present circumstances, our future, perfect paraclete. We are never alone. We do not need to fall into depression. You are with us, even when no one else understands. And thank you for our human paraclete ministry and we pray, Father, that you will help us to evaluate our paraclete ministry, how are we doing with our spouse, with our children, with our family in the church, in with a lost world? How are we doing? What adjustments do we need to make? What different forms do we need to use to edify and reach out to people? Help us to be good paracletes. We are doing it, just as we are doing it, but we can do it better and we can expand it. So bless this church, extend its borders, bless the pastors and the leaders, give them wisdom and direction in patience, bless this church and protect it, give it unity, give it humility. Help us to reach out with love and your message, extend our borders near and far. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.

