Who else should they have turned to? But to Him He can give out come. Who else can calm the sea, but Him who made the sea, and who can say in a world full of kingdoms that are raging and plotting and planning, He can say peace be still and it becomes still. He make us wars to ceased until the end of the earth, Psalm 46. Yes, let the disciples of Jesus let them trust in Him, let them confide in Him, let them do what Jesus would say in John 14 in that chapter in which the atmosphere is heavy. Their extension, things look kind of bleak as the Lord Jesus is in the last night before He is betrayed and disciples have heard things that bring heaviness into the room and heaviness into their heart and Jesus wants to help them through this crisis. And what's the remedy that He prescribes? What's the remedy for a troubled soul? How do we obtain peace when everything around us is crumbling? He says, let not your hearts be troubled, neither be afraid. He believe in God, believe also in Me. Trials are God's call to trust in Him. He says faith is needed, true faith, worked by the Holy Spirit in the true and living God and faith that focuses on the Lord Jesus. And maybe that's what some of you in the midst of your troubles need to hear. Trust in the Lord, lean not unto thine own understanding. John says, pastor, that the Lord Jesus speaks these words to His disciples and the New Testament I understand that, but why does He say that to this ungodly man in Isaiah chapter 7? Why does He call them to trust Him like A has? He's an unconverted man. You're right. But that's exactly His problem, His own evil heart of unbelief and nothing but faith can help Him. Faith in the Lord, only true faith will help Him. Who else can give outcome? That's why He sends trials. That's why He sends affliction to bring you to an end in yourself and to let you hear what Jairus heard in the great trial of his life when he hears the report that his 12-year-old daughter has died than Jesus says, fear not, only believe. Faith is needed. Without faith it cannot go well. Why Isaiah says to A has in verse 9b, if he will not believe, surely he shall not be established. Matthew Henry says this, the grace of faith is absolutely necessary to the quieting and composing of the mind in the midst of all the tosses of this present time. Faith that God Jehovah reigns. The confidence of the church. Do you know this confidence? Do you know this trust that's worked by the Holy Spirit so that you trust Him still even though in your grief no answer yet has brought relief? But thirdly, there's more. There's not only confidence, but there's hypocrisy in the church. Hypocrisy in the church is what a humbling word this should be to A has. I mean A has as a wicked sinner and ruler of the people deserve to be destroyed. As a wicked man he deserved to be cast out, but instead the Lord comes to Him with the word of peace, with the word of grace, with the call to trust Him. That speaks of the goodness of the Lord doesn't act.

