complainers. They kept on. According to verse 13, they had their little section going and then over here, Amen. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you for what you've done. You brought us back home and I can now envision what you have in store. Thank you Lord. The sooner we realize that there's going to be, you know, both extremes. Try to help people, love on folks, but man, don't let them throw water on your praise for the Lord Jesus Christ. You just keep on and they did and they built the temple and in coming weeks we're going to see about that. And it was September, I believe, end of September, somewhere in there. I was driving along here in Orange City and I remember I was praying as I'm driving. I can pray with my eyes open, you know. And I was saying Lord, now I'd like to have your direction on the Thursday night Bible study. We're finishing Ephesians and don't know. But, and just out of, I mean, it wasn't here, it was here, but it was just clear as a bell as right. I thought, I've never taught Ezra. I've never preached on Ezra. I may have preached one message out of the book of Ezra over the years. I said, are you sure Lord Ezra said you asked. And for my heart, I'm seeing so many things that God has prepared for us to encourage us that could not have been planned by anybody except the Lord. So we just stay, try to stay in step with him, in step with him, pointing souls to the Savior. Journey through Christmas is the thing that is closest to us. After that's over, we have to continue doing the same thing. It's not a one and done thing. That's just something that is a tool that God's given us in December. But throughout, if we have the same zeal, God's going to bless. Because if we magnify Jesus Christ, it'll please him and he'll pour out his blessing. Let's stand together, please. We're a few minutes early. I hope you'll forgive me. Heavenly Father, thank you so very much for your goodness to us, your grace, and your mercy, and your peace. Lord, it comes in that order. And I ask you now that you would help us every step of the way, Lord, to be in time with you in the center of your will. Lord, not to be discouraged, there might be some who perhaps look back at the past. Lord, help us look forward to your future. And what you have in store and the families that need to be reached. And Lord, Jesus, thank you for what you're going to do. I pray, God, that you would do a great work on Sunday. We pray for on Saturday. Lord, we need a good group out here to work on Saturday. So many things to complete. Lord, I pray you'd move upon the people's hearts. And Lord, may they be able to come out on Saturday. We pray. Blessing the worked on tomorrow and the seniors, super seniors, and all of that. I pray you give them a great day. Lord, thank you for your goodness to us. We give you praise and we give you glory in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you.

