with a few where we did get a better look though on one occasion in the first half where there was a cross came in from Candace which hit off the leg of the defender and up onto the bar. As I said, a bit of luck, but it's this type of lucky decision is these type of lucky things we've not been getting a lot of this season as well, but I'm a big believer of sometimes you create your own luck. That's what it was. Okay, okay, we'll be one. Into the setting, Taff, again, it was much the same, but again, we never really came out and the first goal went to D in the 65th minute. It was a free kick floated into the box, players running back towards goal, hits off the feet of our defender, right into the path the attacker who shoots it into the back of the net from six yards. This is what I'm talking about with you, make your own luck. It was a bit fluky, they'm getting that kind of deflection when our defender was running back on a goal, but again, they should have been going out to meet the ball rather than running away for the ball. In four minutes later, though, we did get a brilliant goal. It was from the George Windas of all people. It was a ball down at the right wing, crossed in, defender heads the ball right into the path of Windas, who was unmarked and edge the box, gets the ball slighted on a blister and shoot it out into the back of the net. Fantastic reaction. It was the one minute of the 89 George Windas actually played the game. OK, no, I did see the goal in like a few replays, I saw on Twitter and stuff like that. So it certainly was a good goal, Derek, but going by their reaction on Twitter, as you say, it was possible. They only paused it, thing like it did all came. And then on the 79th minute, Dundee got their second goal. Scott Allen, who just came on the park at the time, gets the ball, dog it play, loses the ball, gets it back again, super pass right through the defenders and at the path of Dundee, play it with Harah, who slots home for his second of the night. So it was all there, that down for me to Scott Allen, his dog, he's dog, he played, he just wasn't given up and something weird, completely relaxed. All season really. And the game kind of fizzled out after that, we never really had many chances after that. So obviously, a lot's been said about what is a post-match interview, where there was clearly, you know, tears in his eyes and he looked quite shaken up. You had your explanation for that, Derek, we spoke about that last night. And like I said, you know, the guy who was genuine, let upset, and I think the consensus of opinion was that he probably, you know, went on a complete meltdown, screaming and shouting, and this was a sort of aftermath, you know, the emotion running high and it looked as if he was very upset, but possibly because he had been, you know, reading the riot act to the players, you know, at the full time, what's all but we'll never know, all the way. No, I mean, it was, I don't know if it was concerned and not to see him that way, but again, if he was genuinely upset with that play, then he was close to tears for that, then, I don't know is that the mentality of a Rangers manager, I don't know. I'm probably not what I said. You can read it both ways, Derek, you can read it as, you know, he's an exception, you know, a real, really passionate guy that cares a lot about, you know, the, the, the, the way the teams play and stuff like that, or it's a lot of people have been taking it, maybe just, you know, showing this at a weaker side of management, it's up to everybody's interpretation, I think. Yeah. Now, going into the game last night, when's the 29th of October? So when's the 29th of November? It was a three-new home victory against Aberdeen. Yeah. Completely unexpected, wasn't it? Totally unexpected, Derek. The, everything had changed. They had to, because of injuries and whatnot, they had to change the team, which will let you get into a couple of forced changes, but the changes that I think a lot of people have been wanting with the likes of Alves playing again in Carlos Pena and what a change it was, Derek, because the vast majority of people didn't give us a hope in hell of even performing that the way we did, never mind that score line. And let's be honest, me and you weren't exactly super confident on the way through. I was trying to keep, because my wee boy was there and he's, you know, this season, he's no, you know, at any time I've took him, he's no seen as one, so I was sitting at my arc, it'll be no problem and we'll win three now and it says to me, oh, you knew that, so the score was going to be, but I was just being optimistic, but I'll let you get into it, Derek, because it was a fantastic night, a fantastic performance. Yep. Two changes I think it was, was, um, Alves came in, back from injury and Carlos Pena came in, lined up for the time of the year Wilson, Alves, John, McCroory, Jack, Hope, Pena, Windass and Miller on the subs bench, we had Anik, Kranchart,

