the ball fired and in the box cleared the way then deal Gordon fired the shot into the box as well, cleared the way that then very early on in the fifth minute we actually took the lead. I don't know if I'm a court, he's headly. When he turns the cards, Tommy allows Gordon the day go, that's a great effort by Gordon and by headly. What should I finish by headly? One-nil to Ranger, five minutes in the first half gone. It was a ball into the box and it was a nod on by Alama, a coise to deal Gordon. Deal Gordon had a shot which was saved by Snelder's, it came back out to mark at late any score, then absolute peach of a volley, battered it was a tremendous, actually quite reminiscent of the goal at Kenny Miller scored last season against Aberdeen, absolute cracker Rangers went in one nil then after that Aberdeen trying to get back in there, the free kick on the left hand side which was cleared to Hans Hillhouse on the byline. Well beaten by headly, back defending, down goes Hillhouse, that's the penalty kick. Scaddy Stevens, the winner of Biker Hillhouse, had a very clumsy passion and had hit both that stairwell being vain. Well, that's an amazing and right challenge for a top-class defender with a top-vital kick for Aberdeen. Re-vital can catch Aberdeen and he goes on. He was actually tackled to Begarie Stevens quite a clumsy tackle because he was going nowhere. Hillhouse has brought down clear penalty Aberdeen which they took, ten catch, took a slotted home, that then made it one-one. Like I said, you could hardly catch a breath, there was something happening, constantly, that was it early on, it was one-one. Aberdeen then came all out all guns blazing, they had a shot to the defender, then back out to the wingers who had a shot saved by Andy Gorham, who actually managed to hold the ball and really good saved by Gorham, then marked hately shot from a defensive mix-up which was well saved by Tiel Snowden, so end-to-end, but then on the 35th minute. Here please, small and tight picked up by Magor, it's fine play, but here please, pace is good enough here, it's a great chance for Rangers, that was brilliant. The goal of the brief quality by Marcai Play, he started that all by himself with that pass and the call to Super Ball, then it exploded pace, took him away here from David Warrie, were wise for the finish, Snowden's coming out another angle, breathing one in the back and one in the ball. From our byline, Gary Stevens played a great ball up to Alie McCoy's on the right wing, still in our half, Marcai Play had made the run on further up on the right wing, Alie McCoy's found him with a great ball, who then played the ball to Stuart McCoy, Stuart McCoy, turned round, he found Marcai Play, overlapping him, played a fantastic pass through to Marcai Play, and he just set off like a rocket, passing Brian Irvin, he left him for dead, gets to the edge of the box and just fires an unstoppable shot, pass-neilders, absolutely sensational goal by Marcai Play, Marcai Play is very best to make it to one to Rangers, then after that Aberdeen trying desperately again to get back into the game, but Rangers had a hold on it, they were making Aberdeen the only thing they could do against us were some long-range shots, then we had another great chance to be Marcai Play, which could possibly have been a penalty, it was a free kick in the box, Richard Goth Heady, that back across the face ago, Marcai Play, we had dive in head, I just missed it, but I looked as if there had been an infringement just beforehand, so maybe a bit on luck and not to get the penalty there, that went in half time, Rangers winning two-one, as I say, we played really really well, Aberdeen had got back into the game quite quickly, but as the game the first half went on, Rangers were showing their dominance in that one, and it certainly continued into the second half, with another great chance there, David Robertson to be Kyle Achenko down the left hand side, who just left the defender for David, a fantastic turn, Heady's cross-blocked and then put it back another shot, which was saved by Tiel Snowdorf, and then on the 55th minute, just 10 minutes after half time, we win.

