Sunday the 3rd of December, a way to Aberdeen, so that's going to be a big crunch game again. A ridiculous amount of fixtures in December, just to suit the winter break we've got in January. Seven fixtures in total, only three at home and there's only two of them are three o'clock kickoffs. Again, this is one thing that's no good for the fans. There is no need to have that many fixtures in December, especially when you're going to be coming into the bad weather now. And again, we've got four out of the seven away games as well and not even at three o'clock. It's just ridiculous. But as I said, Aberdeen and in the next game is Saturday the 9th of December at home to Ross County and in Wednesday the 13th of December, a way to Hibbs. That's a 1945 kickoff and we will probably have another podcast out either next week or certainly before the Hibbs game end. So that leaves us going in now to the boardroom section. Right, the only thing we've got to talk about in the boardroom section is obviously the AGM that happened to you. I'm not too sure what to make of it to be honest. It was a pretty subdued one. There wasn't anything major that came out of it that we didn't all really read, already know. A lot of fans seem to be unhappy about that. I'm kind of baffled why to be honest. I think it actually thought it would have been a lot worse there. There's a lot of unhappy fans that basically wanted to go into the AGM today to be told or the new manager is going to be searching such, which was never going to happen. But the vast majority of fans are wanting to actually think it would have been a lot worse if they were beat last night. Let's be honest, but a lot of fans are still on a high after the performance last night. So the board maybe got off lightly with a lot of fans. But it was all, it was you know, the vast majority of the questions were sensible. There was a couple of really embarrassing, stupid questions, which we're not even going to talk about because it's just incredible if anybody wants to see them they can go back. But the main question is, as you say, that the people wanted to know was the manager's situation and the finances, which I'm sure you're going to get into. Yeah. I mean, everybody's, or you know, there's no point covering it in great depth. They'd be honest. Everybody can read the points, there's statements on the Rangers website. The videos out there and there's obviously talking points on the other websites. Really, I've listened to the interview with Dave King after the event, which was on our TV, confirmed that there are planning on you retail deal in the summer. The sports direct deal prevents them looking at a new deal now, but they're certainly in planning for it. Puma, there was an option for Puma to extend a deal, so they've wanted to do that apparently. That's happened today, apparently. That was that started today. So Rangers are looking into either that or going with an entirely different one as well as a new club sponsor. They've confirmed they're taking time with their manager. They didn't think that, I mean, this was the interesting thing that was kind of left out of the EDM, I think, that is confirmed that they didn't think any candidates that were available just now were were there was no outstanding candidates. So that's kind of really rolling out all the managers that have put their, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, might have been interested in, they've no got a club just now. So then you can maybe rule out your likes of, um, what's his name? Your like Steve McClare, McClare, Aladice and was obviously just accepted the Everton job tonight. Uh, McLeish, which we'll get into obviously as well. Um, so that's an interesting one and they did confirm also the fact that they're looking, they've got a short list, hopefully it'll be sorted soon and they're even looking at managers who currently got contracts, which quite rightly they can't really go into it in the public domain because they're contracted and they've got to do, you know, obviously the things like speak to the, the, the parent clubs and see if they can organize some sort of compensation. So, um, you know, this is what I said in the last pod is the fact that a lot of fans are, you know, unhappy the fact that we're waiting for CVs to come in and we're not head hunting. It's quite being, it's been clear that they have been head hunting. As I said, they would have been doing and, um, they're, obviously just waiting to see what, what they can do. I'm not too sure his analogy of, you know, getting board members in, so with African country companies that can take up to three months, there's got any relevance to do with football and our situation mind you. Um,

