One that looks at masculinity without pre-judging it as toxic or problematic from the get-go. The last one I recall was Sully, Clint Eastwood's film, and though that was a much better movie, only the brave deserves a look. It's not a spoiler to tell you that the tale ends badly for some of these men. The based on a true story, title card does require a certain amount of bloodletting. The director doesn't quite know how to bring the final act home, and in the rear view mirror, the film's tragic finale is slightly awkward and mistimed, but Brolin's character, in particular, leaves an imprint. Only the brave is in large parts, a jingoistic movie, but it also tries to understand what men run away from in life as much as run towards. It's in no small part thanks to Jennifer Connelly's white-hot exasperation in the pickup truck scene that you left so shell-shocked by the end. For a film so unambiguously cheering on its heroes, it has an unsettling way of questioning the cost of their achievement. Only the brave opens this week around the country. On our end, you're listening to the final cut with me, Jason Dorosso. OK, look, I sent you a play to read that my roommate had a great part in it for me. Did you read it? Where the hell do you come off sending me your roommates play for you to star in? I'm your agent, not your mother. I'm not supposed to find plays for you to star in. I'm supposed to field offers. And that's what I do. Field offers? Who told you that the agent fairy? That was a significant piece of work. I could have been terrific in that play. Nobody's going to do that play. Why? Because it's a downer. That's why. Because nobody wants to produce a play about a couple that move back to love Connelly. But that actually happened. Who gives a shit? Nobody wants to pay $20 to watch people live in next to chemical waste? They can see that in New Jersey. The showbeer's agent is a figure that recurs throughout film and TV history. They usually are widely figure, often brash, sometimes unscrupulous. If you think of the sweet smell of success or tuxi or entourage, they're Machiavellian ways both fascinate and horrify us. Well, the series I've just discovered looking in the Netherlands regions of the Netflix catalog puts a new spin on the archetype. It's called Call My Agent. And it's a French show. There are two series so far about a group of agents working in a downtown Parisian office. It's a breezy, funny, but often sharply satirical look at the bitchy, ultra competitive world of the French film and TV business made by the French public broadcast of France too. It also features French actors playing themselves. And this is a major draw card for me. The first episode of the first series guest starred Cecille de France in a plotline where she was weighing up whether to get plastic surgery on the eve of her 40th birthday in order to look young enough for a role in a new Tarantino movie. Call My Agent is one of my discoveries of the year. To discuss it is my first guest today, Filmwriter for the Australian Philippa Horca, who came across it when she was interviewing the French actress Natalie Bay. Yes, that's right. I was interviewing the wonderful actress Natalie Bay. And she mentioned she was going to be doing a film with her daughter who's also an actress that's Laura Smett. And she also said she'd been with her in a little TV show and they were playing in which they played themselves. It's called Call My Agent. And when I discovered it was on Netflix, I immediately started watching it. And so it was a great fun to. I love those sort of insider film stories. And I was also really taken with the fact that it's much more female focus than a lot of film inside of film stories are and stories about agents for that matter. Yeah, including Elantarage, of course, which is, you know, I know you as hell. Yeah. And then obviously I suppose a point of reference for this. And bloke is hell, you're right. That first episode that I mentioned, you know, Cecille de France dealing with the vexed issue of whether or not upon turning 40, she needs to get a facelift or not. It was just so well handled and she's such a good sport. Everyone's a good sport in it. But to begin the first series with that, she's a particularly good sport, I think, because she looks really sort of uncapped and drawn in it. I mean, they've really made her look tired. Well, it's interesting. I mean, it's actually it's, you know, she's under pressure to do it because I think to get a role in a Tarantino film, she's kind of pressured to do it, isn't she? And one of the things I do like in this series is that there's a degree of complicity with the agents aren't sort of heroic in any particular way. I like her, the guy she works, the agent she works with. He doesn't say, oh, you can't possibly do that. The issue's raised and it's kind of explored in an interesting way. But the agents that often are

