for both the domestic and international audience. My next guest has been observing this trend in Europe's biggest screen industry for several years. He's Scott Roxborough, European bureau chief of the Hollywood Reporter. Call my agent fits nicely into a whole series of new productions coming out of France. And it's basically a combination of two things. One French channels, and this call my agent is from France. To a free day air channel in France, they are looking to produce series that in their home market will compete with the likes of HBO and Netflix, but can still travel, can really reach an international audience. And so instead of trying to do sort of very mainstream bread and butter type shows, which might appeal to a local audience, but probably wouldn't reach an international audience, they're trying to do very sort of high-end complex or niche dramas, which they hope because of their French settings or the French language will play really well locally, but will still interest a international audience, particularly an international audience that watches shows on Netflix, maybe not on a big free day air broadcaster internationally, but on sort of that niche audience is looking for four language shows or interesting different type of programming. And this fits in very much a model that's being seen in a lot of French broadcasters, a lot of French production companies. They're trying to do exactly that type of niche show that will play a big enough audience locally and will reach a real global audience over the likes of Netflix or an Amazon Prime. So this is different to what French broadcasters were trying to do a few years back when there was talk about a French invasion of the US and French production houses essentially or studios trying to kind of make American products but make it in France. I mean, they're trying to do things with the Transporter series which was a spin-off of the Transporter film franchise, for example, and these didn't do too well. Yeah, that's right. I mean, there was a move particularly from Europa Corps, which is a loop-assonse production company to try and make sort of American-style programming, American-style sort of cop shows, action shows, but do them in France and usually do them based on some of his own film franchises like Transporter or Taxi, he did a sort of a version of Taxi for the US, set in the US. Those were done sort of almost on the US broadcast model. So they were very expensive but tried to be very mainstream to appeal to a mainstream American audience and they just didn't work. They were quite expensive, cheaper but than doing it in America because in France they can benefit from various other things and do them much more cheaply, but they really didn't appeal. And also they didn't appeal to European audiences which was what the model was based on. They thought we can finance them out of Europe, get big enough audiences in Europe to keep the running and then sell them into the United States very cheaply so that they'd be interesting for American broadcasters so they could be much cheaper than producing them themselves. But they didn't hit with either European or American audiences which is why you're seeing a shift in production companies in France trying to make very high end productions that don't try to be mainstream, that try to be niche and that's the model at the moment. We'll see of course how these series perform. Is it also a question of these new productions don't try and be American? I mean is it a question of a contrast between a set of shows that were coming out sort of three or four years ago that were in English and trying to be American and a newer set of shows that the French are exporting that are in French and are embracing a French identity? There's part of that but it's not solely that. I mean, a car my agent is obviously very very French and it works also internationally because it's so French. I mean there's so many in jokes it's so much about the French film industry and people who are fans of French film worldwide will recognize actors and actresses moving in and out and so on and it's a very interesting insider picture of how the French film industry works which is interesting for as I say that sort of niche audience worldwide that loves French film. But that's not the only stuff that coming out of France. They're also a big English language productions that are being done in France for an international audience like Canal pluses Versailles which is a big splashy period drama that is in English which is kind of bizarre because it's set in France in one of a key point of French history but everybody speaks English with a British accent very bizarre but that also is part of what France French productions are doing.

