complicit in some of the things that they expose. Going down to the very last episode of the second series, which has this great episode with Juliet Binoche, whose under pressure from an admirer, it's really quite timely, in fact, I think, that episode. You mentioned Juliet Binoche, Cecil de France, Natalie Bain, who are some of the other names that have popped up. I'm only through the first season, who are some of the other names that pop up. Oh, well, I'm one I did love is Fabrice Lucchini, who's a really unexpected figure. And in this one, he turns out that he's always wanted to play James Bond-Villain, which I love. And I actually would, I'd love to see him as a James Bond-Villain too. There's a great plot point there. He's a great... He's got this amazing face that's very much... He was launched, I think, by Romero. In Claire's knee, he played a role part in that. But certainly, yeah, a face synonymous with that sort of boomer generation of great French actors, yeah. Another interesting one who pops up is Isabelle Agani. And that's an interesting one, because that's a story about a director who sent her his first script, but was rejected. And, but, in fact, then turns out that she really wants to make another film with him, but he's so furious that being rejected, that it's going to be impossible. And the agency there, both the director and Isabelle Agani, are their clients. And there's all kinds of problems. Because often the agent's enthusiasm leads them into terrible sort of blunders. There's a great episode in season one with Francesca Sabian and Lina Renault, for example. You know, that were the two elderly actors. Oh, yes. I love that episode. And old rivals as well. An old rivals, yes, yes, yes. Well, one of the things I really like about that episode is that old rivalry is really... There were no punches pulled, really. I mean, in the tenor of it, I mean, obviously, they're older women. But there's a real sort of acidity to it, which I like. There's a real tang in this. And when it gets bitchy, it's really deliciously bitchy. This series... Yeah. And I like the fact that I mean, there are younger actors in it and younger stars. But there's one of the agents are let is quite a bit older. And she often has these keys to long-held rivalries. Yes, yes. And we discover in season two that she actually... One of the... she had an affair with Cheb Baker back in the day, which I love too. What do you think this show generally tells us about show business in France? And, you know, perhaps what does it show us about show business in France? As a kind of industry that's different from the American one? I suppose one of the things that's interesting is it is quite enclosed. Do you know... There's the odd incursion from Hollywood, from the idea of a Tarantino film. But I think there's something really enjoyable about seeing a more enclosed artistic world, a creative world, in which it's sort of reflecting about their own projects rather than thinking about outside. And I think... I mean, if I were an actor or a director, I'd want Andrea, the young gay woman to represent me, I think she's so passionate about filmmaking. And I think she's a really passionate about otor filmmaking and I think she... I love seeing that. I don't know. They're not really cynical. I think they have different specialities like... They're Machiavellian more than cynical in that sense, aren't they? They sort of... Well, they know how to play the game, and they know how to manipulate things. But I think it's done for reasons which are represent... The reasons that we can understand. I think one of the subplots is that... In the second season, in particular, is that Gabrielle gets a bit too involved with one of his clients and manipulates things in a really terrible way. And that's such a shock, because you think there's so much about what will be best for their clients as actors, as creative people. They're... And it's a bit of a shock to see interpreted in another way. I guess it's a pleasure of seeing another cultural world outside the familiar one in Hollywood. Philippe Orca, Filmwriter for the Australian on the French language series, called my agent, currently screening on Netflix. Call my agent ears part of a wave of French-made shows.

