Hi and welcome to the final cut, my name is Jason Derosso. Today, the new wave of French TV series coming to a screen near you, what's behind this production boom? And the show that will probably become your next binge watch after you hear from guest critic Philip Orhoka from the Australian, she'll be talking about how much she loves it. It's a French comedy about actors agents. In fact, there are also agents who represent directors. There's a conflict of interest for you. It's set in Paris. And the series is currently hidden away in a corner of the Netflix catalog. I would not have found it if it hadn't been recommended to me. It's called Call My Agents. But first, to the big screen, and a new Hollywood film that tells the true story of a group of Arizona firefighters. It's called Only The Brave. It's the same thing, greatest job in the world. I don't know what it is. Sooner or later, the fire's going to come knock it in our hometown. What is that? This is it, game time. It's not easy sharing your man with a fire. When this night sweeps over you, it's going to feel like the end of the world. Take out your tent! Come on! No matter what happens, no matter what's going on, this granded-math family pulls together. The American firefighter is a figure in popular culture that since 9-11 has become synonymous with an almost reckless form of heroism on the home front. These are the guys who climb up the exit stairs as you're rushing down them. Or in the case of the bombastic action thriller Only The Brave, they're running to a bushfire while you're putting your valuables in a cardboard box and getting in your car. If testosterone was flammable, you'd probably need to hose down the screen. Unlike a lot of contemporary action movies, films like John Wick or most comic book blockbusters, Only The Brave does not come with a side order of self-deprecation. It is as earnest as a mid-career John Cougar Melon Camp record, with a corny love of campfires and wilderness, big dusty cars, open roads and hard graft. Even if everyone in the movie is a little too pretty and the sunglasses fit a little too well. Director by Joseph Kaczynski, who made Tron legacy and co-written by Black Hawk Downscreen writer Ken Nolan, it's based on the true story of a crew of firefighters known as the granite mountain hot shots, who fought a devastating bushfire in Arizona at Janelle Hill in 2013. Josh Brolin plays their leader, Eric Marsh, a veteran who always has one eye glued to the horizon, and a square jaw that could cut glass. Now, the term hot shots actually refers to professional firefighters who are able to be deployed across the US. But when the film begins, Eric's boys are only regular municipal firies assigned to this small town. To become hot shots, Eric has to lobby the local fire chief, played by Jeff Bridges, a kind of good old boy in a stetson who fronts a country in Western band down at the local bar. Eric also has to whip his motley bunch of blue collar recruits into shape for a series of tests, which require them to outwit flames by digging fire breaks in dense forest and strategically burning off. Among his charges is an ex-junkie on the brink of Fatherhood, played by Miles Teller, who gets the nickname Donut. If life as a man means navigating a triangle of feisty women, male rivals and unforgiving nature, Eric is about as manly as a man gets. His one eye dedication to his goals sees him through most of the time. So there are a couple of telling moments in the film where we glimpse some interesting vulnerability. One is when his wife played by Jennifer Connolly confronts him late one night in their pickup truck about having kids. Her biological clock might be ringing louder than a thousand fire alarms, but Eric's too busy to pay attention, and the confrontation leaves him rattled. The other moment is when an old timer confronts Eric over the positioning of a fire break, and he has to decide whether to stand up to what effectively is a tribal elder or go through with his unorthodox methods. The outcome for someone so determined is never in doubt, but a flash of regret shows what a fine grain actor, Brolin, can be. Now you might think you've seen enough films about men locking horns, honing their warrior skills and causing their women grief, or maybe you'd just rather stay at home rewatching Top Gun. But it's not every day, especially these days, that you get a movie on the big screen like this.

